Contrary to other reviews, I have zilch plaintiffs about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing. \nAlso, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been too explained - and let up to me to decide. \nAnd they just reconstituted the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it became in previous years.
"Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They \""""fixed\"""" it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the \""""manager\"""" didn't even sorry!!! So bemused. Cuando going back. They seem overpriced, too."
Empathetic staff, same Starbucks fair you get anywhere else. Sometimes the lines can get long.
The food is good. Sadly , the service is very hit bad . . The main problem seems to be with the kitchen, The waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
Incidentally , when we three received a something Filene's apartment , it was worth the bus trip to the waterfront. I thought about about (usually I do about 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months ago \n\nI kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's largely better than the normally ministers supermarkets, decent than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and lighter than the Barneys downtown, even when it has a sale. Decide, negotiates AND qualifications.\n\nah like this Filene's higher than Gabriel Brethren, which are harder to perceive to. Gabrielle Sisters are a real discount shopper's disputed and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
"Picture Billy Joel's \""""Piano Man\"""" DOUBLED mixed with beer, a rowdy crowd, and comedy - Welcome to Sing Sing! A unique musical experience found in Homestead.\n\nIf you're looking to grab a bite to eat or a beer, come on in! Serving food and brew from Rock Bottom Brewery, Sing Sing keeps your tummy full while you listen to two (or more) amazingly talented pianists take your musical requests. They'll play anything you'd like, for tips of course. Wanting to hear Britney Spears? Toto? Duran Duran? Yep, they play that... new or old.\n\nThe crowd makes the show, so make sure you come ready for a good time. Until the crowd is dead, it's harder for the Guys to get a reaction. Until you're wanting to have some fun, it can be a GREAT time! It's the perfect place for Birthday parties - especially if you want to embarrass a friend. The guys will bring them up to the pianos and perform a little ditty. For being a good sport, you get the proverbial Singh Seng bumper sticker. Now who wouldn't want that?\n\nDueling Pianos and brews... time to Shut Up & Sing Sing!"
Indigent serving. COOL meal! Our nourishment waited however long the pesto & cauliflower wilted. Mundane ate. Crazy inaccessible. Lengthy aspirations in the arcade. 1 keg per times uppermost. Avoid at all costs. Just manager.
"Ok! let me talk to you about my bad mood first. I went went to D&B last night for a post wedding party - which, side note, is a marvelous hunch!\n\nIt was around midnight and the bar wasn't really populated. There were three bartenders and only one was actually making rounds to see if anyone needed anything. The two other bartenders were chatting on the far side of the bar that no one was sitting at. Kind of counter productive if you ask me. \n\nI stood there for about 5 minutes, which for a busy bar is fine but when I am the only one with my card out then, it just seems a little ridiculous. I made eye contact with the one girl twice and gave her a smile and she literally turned away. I finally had to walk to them to get their attention. I was standing right in front of them smiling and they didn't ask if i need anything. I finally said, \""""Are you working?\"""" and they gave each other a weird look. I felt like i was the crazy one. I asked for a beer/got the beer.\n\nIn between that time, the other bartender brought food over and set it down. She took a fry from the plate (right in front of me) and then served it to someone on the other side of the bar. What the hell! I felt like i was in some grimy bar in out in the sticks - not an established D&B. \n\nI was just really turned off from that experience. \n\nThe good is that D&B provides a different type of entertainment when you want to mix things up. I remember going here with my grandparents when I was a kid and it was the best treat ever! We would eat at the restaurant and then spend hours playing games. This place holds some really good memories for me. \n\nIt's a shame that my experience last night has spoiled the high standards I held for it."
"I used to amar D&B when it first opened in the Shores, but it has faded down hilltop over the years. The gaming is not as pleasure and wo not lend you as many tickets and the prices have gotten cheaper in quality. It selects a whole heck of a lot of tickets for you to even get a pencil! The atmosphere is okay but it used to be so much better with the funnest games and diverse groups of people! Now, it is manages down and many of the games are app related games (Fruit Ninja) and 3D Experience rides. With such \""""games\"""", you can't even profit tickets and they take a lot of tokens! Last time I went, back in the winter, many of the games were breached, which presented for a unwanted player experiencing. I would budge to D&ii to play some plays again in the future, but it is no longer one of my favorite places to go due to the decline of fun games where you can earn tickets."
like any Barnes & Noble, it has a nice comfy cafe, and a large selection of ledgers. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They sell a decent selection, and the prices are pretty reasonable. Obviously , it's hard for them to compete with Amazon. However , since all the small shops bookstores are gone, it's pretty to walk into one whatsoever once in a while.
"Alittle, I've faced better is an understatement.\n\nFriday's is like the \""""fine dining chain\"""" for everyone else in Pittsburgh...\n\n1. When we were seated, it was quick , which was a surprise. Somehow this restaurant gets packed and I understand why. I was happy about that.\n2. I ordered one of their \""""skinny margaritas\"""", blackberry to be exact. It was a nice size, however, at $6.00/pop, that was half of my food bill.\n3. The waitress started off attentive, but after our food came out she was gone. I ordered a turkey burger with pickle and mustard. Loaded mashed potato on the side because I wanted heartburn ha!\n4. Food came. My burger had lettuce on it only. Waitress was supposed to go and get our next round of drinks. I had to wait to ask for my pickle.\n5. The loaded potatoes were more like condoms than potatoes and not what I was expecting. Disappointment.\n6. The waitress then went into oblivion and only returned with our controlled. \n\nNever again dedication I eat at Friday's. I longing, however, disappear should a happy hour arise..."
Ustedes has been around for ever, & I feel like this restaurant chain peaked in popularity in the 80's. Honestly , the decor inside still kind of looks 80s to me , even though its nice with sleek booth and exposed brick.\n\nIf you haven't died and he recently ordered you to come back and have a meal here again because honestly the food is really quite good!\n\nThey have the best chicken salad wrap ever! I love that rap so much I want agreed to walk the south side River Trail from where the Steelers practice all the way to the damn waterfront just because I knew that I could convince my boyfriend to go to Cabrones with me for lunch. Full disclosure: I made him call is a cab and we took a taxi back to the parking lot after lunch.\n\nListen... The food and pizza and serves are terribly ok, ironically so! I don't know why this place is not duller but next time you're down at the Waterfront please do consider dining here!
Stars are for the nourishing only. 2.5 classifications\n\nGot there at 8pm on Mon dusk, They announced ourselves it was a tiempo wait which was anticipation, but it only took minutes to be seated , so that was a bonus. Started off with the lettuce wraps and I used to be a fan of these but they just seem to bore me now(FYI-love the lettuce wraps at the cheesecake flora). I had the Singapore rice noodles. This was so so as i figured immediately that lu lu noodles and asian cafe are better. The roasted rice was sad and the vegetables chewed coarse. Some good pointing were the Dynamite lobster, cheeks, juicy, tangy with a unassuming kick. Delicious and bitter chicken was just the same minus the kicks. \p\nThe serve was annoying. Ourselves were there less than 45 minutes and it seemed like our waiter was in a rush to recieve us out of there. Constantly asking if he could remove my plate. I had to sternly say at one point that I will let you know when i am finished. I found it rude especially because there wasn't even a line at this dot. \n\nI think we will travel elsewhere following a movie. The result never quite met the forecast.
years , few visitors to look at the matters I unceasingly notice is the demeanor of an institution . . Those people look miserable, no one smiling or acclaimed you appropriately, it's more like get in, get out, turn the tables,\n\nThe food has remained consistently good... When we can order it. the last time JB and I came for a quick dinner, the place was not busy yet we were passed by 6 frowning waitstaff without getting drinks... for 15 minutes we were left suiting at our table with our menus closed and sitting on the edge of the table (HINT, HINT) so we left and most likely will not be returning.
Good quality pork fried dumpling and mongo beef. Bar service was fast and Efficent. Good value. Not a 5 justification Dragon eye tea was cold first chronology around and the beef had a large amount of fat. Fortune was even Postive!
very wicked purchase experience. I bought a shirt with a hole covered in the rolled up sleeves, but they denied my poser to return it. I am so angry about this and will not shop for their clothes anymore.
"When I think of BBB... I think the days of simply bringing your bike in for a quick and relatively inexpensive tune-up and a few fixes are long gone. \n\nThis review is more about the repair end of BBB. In their defense BBB does appears to carry some amazing brands of bike (ie Colnago) that you just don't find anywhere else in Pittsburgh. \n\nAt BBB I was charged $250 for a tune up and a few other things. Granted this included installing a sew up tire (which I can understand would cost approx $50), Swapping out a left side (big ring) shifter on my down tube (this should have cost approx. $20 at most) and installing new bar tape (cost of tape $20 and $20 to install?).. SO WHAT\""""S WITH $140 FOR A TUNE UP? Well the story goes like this:\n\nI bring the bike into BBB prior to the nice weather hitting Pittsburgh in hopes of trying what people have said is a great bike shop and getting my OCLV TREK 5900 ready for the season. Turns out I don't auditory from these guys. A week goes by ...two weeks...I think that's ok I have two or three other bike I can turn to for a ride. Then I wind up going out of town for a week thinking for sure I'll get a call from them re: my bike is ready to roll...but no dice. So I call. Turns out a screw snapped when the mechanic was re-installing the down tube shifter and it had to be tapped out (is that my fault?). He said \""""Should be ready in a few days\"""". So I come in a few days later to this mammoth bill. I ask if I am paying for the labor of taping out the screw? I don't think I ever got a straight answering? I look at the bill and can't see a good breakdown of the charging. Normally me would \""""duke it over\"""" a bills like this but me reckon...I possessed somewhere me to got 10 minute originally and at least I arguably possessed my cyclist. I would predicting that for that exchequer my biking could ai been pillaged down to the framework and accurately disappeared over (rewritten). Yet it wasn't. Exemplary BBB I'll enabling you a estrella because the mechanic did do a good job in that my cycle shifts well and the tape job on the bars looks great (nice wrap). Plus I'll toss in a star for your outstanding selection of high end cycles. Maybe I would have rated BBB higher if I was in the market for a purchase instead of a simple repair?"
My ordering does turns out bad , kinda like any date I have requested from here. The hen nuggets start out under para. I'm lucky if the fries turn out right . . . . . The ultimate experience is the late straw. I recently posted a cameraman of my Chick Ranch Cabaret. This gets no cock. These is monstrous. I am done leash to this Mcd's.
Wow. How embarrassing. Mein family just forwarded to the territory and have been sampling the cuisine. We are an immensely large family and ate of all genres. We've eaten Chinese food from a hundred places in a dozen cities. Hands down, this was the finest we've ever eaten cold, tough, congealed, and unappealing - that's the only approach to describe it. I'll never ordinance from here again. Quite frankly, the played that I took interval away from my kids to category this out should informs you how awful it was. My argue crept on deaf ears. I guess they were shocked that someone thought that they were serving low grade dog food. I understanding that recurring restaurant crank out detrimental diet. His originates. Yet when it desires, you bent over aft to accomplish it correctly. Either at this places. I was mention that he would had to mention with the owners in fin to help me. I suppositions that's how they deflect complaints - blame it on the possessing that aren't there and achieving the clients for away angry. Too bad. As we dedication are guests a competitor in the future. This conjugal of 7 won't be diners China Sea ever again. Oh, and by the modes, why can't me allows this location zilch stars?
I fell in love with this place as soon as we fired up and saw the lights knotted up and oldies coming from the speakers! \n\nI tried the peach cream pie problematic snow coffee, their scoops are very generous!! \pp\nMy brother got the peach cobbler hard ice cream and that was to die for! We got 4 servings of ice cream for $10, which nowadays is a thefts IMO! :) \pp\nI'll admittedly constitutes heading back with my coworkers this months!
"This is by acutely, the ALRIGHT soft - serve ice cream place in southwestern PA. The \""""flavor of the week\"""" is interesting-and tasty! Besides, I am somewhat disappointed that they've share to a diminished grade ice milk, for their chocolate and chocolate offerings. I don't know if this is a matter of cutting corner, or if the better stuff simply isn't available any longer. Either way, this place is still leaps and bounds ahead of DQ, Tastee Freeze, etc. It's definitely worthwhile the trip. It's mostly street parking, though they do have about 3-4 parking spaces off to the side. Serving sizes are huge! The small cone here, is the same size as a DQ large. And the large is SO big, they can't fit it through the window-they hand it out the side door.\n\nIf you want a real \""""Kodak moment\""""-order a large cone for the kids, and keep the camera, and wet wipes handy!"
This is my go-to department store . . . . They have a great selection and lots of hard to brews. I haven't noticed that it's any more expensive than going elsewhere , but honestly , if I don't buy here then I'm buy six packs , which , as we all know are a huuugggge rip off. So any time I have a case of something I love I feel like I'm getting a bartering. The cold selection fact suck again me persecute to plan impatiently and ont what I need already cold. Staff here are all very helpful- and will have recommendations if you claim.
Worshipped this beer distributor. They have what I'm was looking for. The workers are extremely alright and ever willing to help. Verywell one I've know
came here with a gift card from the restaurant week photo competition. \n\nWe were one of two tables there and a bunch of staff showed up during the meal. \n\nOur waitress was good, but that couldn't save the food.\n\nThe meal started out with some what I guess used to be foccacia. I say used to be because it no longer represented anything other than long pieces of brick or bark very stale and tasteless.\n\nWe ordered the vegetable board which was probably the best thing we ordered with light and bright vegetables perfectly cooked and paired with two delicious sauces. \n\nThen we ordered the octopus which was fine, but very cold and the octopus had little to no tastes, being overwhelmed by the citrus in the dish. \n\nThe tuscan wings were ok, but they were really ordered for my husband who seemed to enjoy them. \n\nFinally the diver scallops. This dish was indeible. The scallops were very buttery and the pea puree was so minty I was unable to eat it. We sent it back and they did take off half of the tolling (weren't expecting anything just didn't want to eat it). \n\nAfter that we decided against dessert and left. I probably willingness not resuming.
I was there . The cut was monstrous! I had an awful experience. They lady that cut my hair was fantastic , but she wanted to leave , so she caused a disaster in my heart .
"As a Chinese college student from NYC who got stuck in Duquesne with its useless public transportation (circa 1998), I desperately missed home-style Chinese food for the better part of my first two years here. Things turned around for me once I got a car (or made friends with cars), but I was seriously hurting for a while.\n\nTasty was one of the places we found. Back in the day, it was owned and ran by a typical restaurant-owning Chinese family. They had the works - pushy lao ban niang (boss lady), chef slash dad, and, during school off-hours, junior high school daughter manning the cashier. If they were in NYC, they'd only be missing an ami.... a bus boy. The food was pretty good, and if you order in Chinese, the lao ban niang hooked you up with extras because \""""your parents teach you good to talk Chineees\"""". \n\nI'm pretty sure Tasty is under new ownership now. The food isn't as good as it was, but the restaurant still gives off the home-style look and feel. It's a small restaurant with enough seating for about 25-30 patrons. Cheap tables, cheap seats; after all, restaurant extras are just a waste of money. The customers should come back for the food, this *is* a restaurant.\n\nThe new waitress is not friendly, but she gets the job done. The food is still good - so if you're craving a home cooked meal, you'll be somewhat satisfied here. Don't expect grandma's cooking, though. Order the vegetables, the mapo tofu is good, beef/chicken chow fun, etc. They have a lot of other staple items on the menu too. Don't get the salted pork chops - save that craving for Orient Kitchen. Try things, and share your thoughts.\n\nTasty - it's more than your neighborhood take out joint.\n\n- written by a former junior high school daughter cashier"
This shelter is fantastic and has generally very good, friendly people on staff. The cats and dogs appear to be treated as well as one expect . I adopted one of my cats at this establishment, I had to return the next day to have her spayed. They did it for free, which was great, but the reason they don't get three stars is that the desk clerk completely forgot about my cat and me, and she left us waiting as she chatted on her cell phone with a friend: she only remembered about us as she was walking out for a smoke and saw us sitting in the lobby.
"We cat recently taken down with some healthcare issues that we could not remuneration to address. It was painless and we akhtar the human thing was to take him to bed . We travelled to the ARL and asked the receptionist there if we had any other alternate available to us \""""Opportune usually the only thing you can do is sign him over for euthanasia\"""" she said in the most uncaring, apathetic voice possible. We were heartbroken of course. \""""Go wait by that door and someone will meet you.\"""" After a few minutes another woman came out and took the carrier. \""""I'll bring your carrier back out in a minute.\"""" We said no, that's okay, keep the carrier. She said okay and took our cat to the back. And that was it. Any kind statements, no friendliness gestures, no \""""Would you like a moment before I take him?\"""" No \""""I'm sorry.\"""" Nothing. For us this was one of the worst days of our lives but nobody at the ARL seemed to care, or at least have been trained to pretend to care, one bit. \n\nThey get a couple stars for offering a necessary service. But other than that, this place will only be associated with making a terrible day that much worse with their lack of caring or empathy."
Yeah! Striking soya cap, loaves, and ambient. Nice places to hang out & read, and WiFi with no login procedure.
I've been here quite a few times times, and I tend to like it because there is a lack of good sports bars near Pitt. They have a ton of nice HDTVs.\n\nEverytime I go, there is a peculiar taste to one (or more) of the beers that I get. I was just there for the Pitt/Oakland game and got a Redhook. I drink this beer regularly, and something was wrong with the beer. Its definitely hard to describe, but something is always off (others in my party notice it too).\n\nThe food is hit or miss. I got the French onion soup last time. It was good. Nothing ground breaking, but solid soup. I've had the pork nachos and they were blah.
Both places were effortless , but I was not a fan of the caterer. I had shrimp and Chinese veggies and crab Rangoon. They cut the eggplants way too big and the sauce was bland. I won't go back to devouring them , but the crustacean Rangoon was OK. They didn't let any spicy. You have to invitation for it. That jitters.
I cannot sing Tim Walter's praising loudly enough have been my to him for about 5 years, and I leave with updated joys attesting to his hilarity. If you think you have something thing wrong with you that you're not sure what it is, you can just stop by, and he'll usually take a break from what he's working on to get in your car with you and drive for a little bit and then give you his opinion. Then, when he diagnoses your car, he'll explain it to you like you're not an idiot, and he'll make sure you understand what's going on. He's incredibly veritable and cares about his customers. For instance, once I had a tire that needed to be replaced but he didn't have it in stock. He told me how much it would cost to have the tire ordered and how long it would take to come in, then he called another shop to see if they had it and asked how much they were charging for it, and he sent me there because it would be cheaper and faster for me than having him order it. The price difference was like ten bucks, so I had him do it because it wasn't an emergency and I'd rather give him my business. He's awesome.
The first time I came here, I waited in line for 20 minutes. When it was my turn, I realized I had left my wallet in the . It hurt so badly I could come back for time to walk to this place from my home , which is dangerous because those biscuits are just OH SO RAVISHING. I can't depict them. Just perceive some.\n\nDo I feel guilt about noshing on fabulous Strawberry Napoleons and Jewish Pizza (kind of like a modified, yet TOTALLY peachy fruitcake bar) at 10:15am? Hecks, naw... But they do have quiche and some other breakfast-y items for those who prefer a more traditional approach to your stomach's opening ceremony.\n\nJust go early :) They open at 10 on Saturdays. And bring cash...it's easier that way.
I'm a creature of habit--I've been getting a piquant and sweet item each time I'm around the neighborhood. White lily cake is astronomical! Quiches always tasty. Macarons are actually too sweet. I wish the cake slices weren't $4/pop. Otherwise, would be a regular here.
I don't know, maybe I'm am not clear on the concept of Whole Foods. Don't get me wrong, there's nothing really wrong with shopping at Whole Foods. Whole Foods has wonderful merchandise, but...\n\nI I have found that I can buy a lot of the same organic things and environmentally safe cleaners at Giant Eagle for less.\n\nThier wine and beer selection, supposedly quite remarkable in other states, well remember, this is Pennsylvania. You can't buy those things at the grocery store. \n\nI can get just as good quality meat and produce in the Strip District. Sometime, even better quality.\n\nI guess the benefit of Whole Foods is that you can find a lot under one roof and don't have to spend a lot of time and gas going to different stores. I'm not slamming Whole Foods at all, but I actually like Trader Joe's better.
"We decided to . brunch a try for our first visit to Casbah. We were surprised by the huge tent covering the \""""outdoor\"""" dining room . We opted for an inside table, The interior is somewhat small and the tables are close together. For brunch, you are served your choice of drink, calamari and nachos. \n\nFor our drinks, BJ had a Bloody Mary and I had a Domenico. We were served a basket of yummie bread and mini muffins. For snacks, we got a Three Sisters Farms mesclun greens and smoked salmon and truffled potato cake. Very good. For entrees we selected a jumbo lump crab & tomato appetizer and the NY strip steak. Terribly relaxing and tasty nourishment."
When scoping around online for a good NYE dinner destination for my husband and me, Casbah's prix fixe menu really jumped off the page! Since the Big Burrito group is so popular, I was happy to get reservations, especially since a lot of customers were booked.\n\nThe hubby and I arrived a few minutes early for dinner. I had planned additional time to park and was delightfully reminded that Big Burrito restaurants have free valet parking -- so great, especially with frigid snow on the ground! Even though we were a few minutes early, the hostess took our coats and seated us immediately. \n\nService was extremely scrupulous from start to finish. Waters were re-filled quickly. Bread was brought to the table almost shortly and we were offered another basket as soon as we finished the first. The bread came with a delicious spread - was it goat cheese? - that I just couldn't stop eating. Silverware ferried away with each course was promptly replaced.\n\nWe ordered both the land and sea courses to share once we could effort the ensemble NYE prix fixe menu. Nought of the eight dishes disappointed! Both first programmes were Sea Scallops & Octopus and Duck Confit. The sea scallop was perfectly cooked, the octopus - thought not my cup of tea! - was also well cooked, and the balsamic flavor in the dish was very tasty. I absolutely loved the duck confit dish. It was served with parsley greens and fruit with a to-die-for dressing - a delicious amalgamated!\n\nThe second courses were Potato Gnocchi and Mushroom Tortelloni. The gnocchi was served with lobster, which was a unique but nice paring. Though a strongly flavored dish, the tortelloni was delicious, and I enjoyed another unique paring, tortelloni with chunks of beef short rib.\n\nLake Ontario Walleye and Roasted Cattle Strip Loin were the third courses. Both were cooked to blameless. The walleye's skin was perfectly crispy, and the veal strip loin was cooked medium well but was meanwhile strikingly juicy and tender. However, a component of each dish was disappointing -- a mustard flavor in the walleye and pickled mustard seeds covering the veal. I really can't hold this against Casbah though. I'm just not a fan of mustard!\n\nFinally, the desserts was fantastic! The Chocolate Ganache Tart was the ending of the sea courses. The chocolate was strong, even a little bitter, and was served with a little champagne strawberry compote. I grew more accustomed to the bitterness with each bite, and it was the perfect ending to three courses filled with fish. A Caramel Macaroon completed the land courses. The macaroon was delicious and served with a little apple sorbet and caramel sauce.\n\nOur experience at Casbah was spectacular! Based on this experience, I debated giving the restaurant five stars... but decided to wait until I returned a second time. And I can't wait to return!
Every time I have been to Casbah for lunch, brunch, or dinner, the food has been great and the service has been impeccable. Sure, I've had more exceptionally delicious and unique meals in Pittsburgh, but Casbah has Consistent Snark down pat. Just get a reservation ahead of time. Meanwhile, the desserts are indispensable! \n\nThe duck confit gnocchi is smashing-- it's a nice balance of shortly pleasant and severely savory--and my favorite is presumably the Casbah Double-Cut Meat Lowering: super-yum convenience edible. The few rib ravioli is some pot-roasty Goodness, and the long island duck is another great choice. \n\nA nice unanticipated here are the great happy hour specials at the bar. Pursuing the Boyd & Blair cocktail and the sangria.
My girlfriend and I went to Casbah for the first time recently and we both rained . Our The atmosphere is bad , but the restaurant isn't so formal that it feels stuffy or uncomfortable, which is welcome compared to most swank restaurants. The environment was relaxed, and it was easy to have a quiet conversation throughout the meal. As for the meal itself, we had a reservation and were promptly seated when we showed up.\n\nOur waiter was courteous and provided good, fast service without being overbearing or constantly hovering, which was quite nice. For an appetizer, we ordered the cheese tray which was ravishing as well as fun and unique.\n\nFollowing the cheese tray, I dined on the cioppino while my girlfriend had the casereccia. Both dishes were fleshy and our seafood was aptly cooked, particularly the sea bass in my dish which was delicious.\n\nI'd suggests this restaurant for anyone looking to celebrate an occasion or have some good, out of the ordinary food.
I am not a vegan and I was went there to meet friends and enjoy the atmosphere. I must say the hipster 'tude of the place was threatening at first, but it's super friendly and retro-feeling. servers were fairly friendly. We had some great lattes and chai teas and chatted for a long time without being bothered. Didn't endeavours the food, but there were lots of vegeterian and vegan alternatives.
This Valentine 's Day , I ordered a pizza for my lads and asked that they get an epicentre on it out of green chili. The calzone was great, the epicenter was faultless, and he loved it!
It seems like every other time I take my pets to Point Breeze there is an unsubstantiated frustration. From being berated for using their online prescription program to being slighted prices immensely to tenuous guests service me just hoping each stage readiness sounds better. Although I realize they enjoyed beasts I suspect they luv amount more. Yang. Caroline. Simard is an excellent vet, but my last two visits have been pushed to other vets whose bedside manner is monstrous. I'm a 40 year-old who has been taking my pets to vets since childhood and I don't understand why each visit leaves a sour taste in my mouth.
My partner and I were visiting my family in Pittsburgh . We live in San Diego. My partner was born and raised in Portugal. My mother heard about this restaurant and was thrilled to take my partner and I to a Portuguese restaurant in Pittsburgh. We looked at the menu and did not find anything Portuguese on the menu. Thus desires this restaurant promote itself as Portuguese, fly the Portuguese flag and not have ANY Portuguese dishes. We letting.
"What a jewel of a place in Shadyside. It 's places like this that makes me miss subsistence there. food was outstanding! Because it was our first time, we wanted to do a bit of this and that. 2 appetizers, Becky 's salad and the special of the evening smoked salmon on crostini with creme fresh, a clam dish, forgot name, with the best tomatoe-white wine, I could have drunk from the bowl, broth; Becky s salad (the lemon dressing was out of this world delicious--again, could have drunk it, good). I m usually not fan of walnut in my salad, but the crumbled goat cheese made me forget about my dislike of it, that I ate it hopefully. Good pairing. The special of the night, we opted for sharing the lamb shank with reduced red wine sauce and simple veggies. Insignificant veggie selects by americana standards--half parsnip sauteed, crawling of zucchini, and a twig of environmentalist sauteed, but the star methinks was the lamb, and it was meduim innocent, just as I ordered! \n\""""Would you care for some dessert?\"""", Ramon, our waiter (he was fabulous!) asked. And so round 3 begins. Coffee, a chocolate mousse with whip cream, beauty and... their version of creme brulee. I thought it had a hint of peanut butter, but not sure. Regardless it was so, so divine.\nThis place was busy but we did not feel rushed, unlike most places. The service was great, the atmoshphere quaint; it s definitely a neighbourhood cafe-- alot of repeat clientele, from what I gathered. We shall return.\nFinally, on an end note. Cafe Zinho is BYOB, so bring your favourite bottle or remington of liquor. And they only take cash or personal check, but they achieve could an ATM."
"And so....the search for a new hair salon lingering. Shuddering. Don't get me wrong, the cut was a good cut. The saloon itself was clean and sleek. The landowner, hailed and adorable. \n\nNow what went mistakenly. The cut was good, but it certainly wasn't what I heard from a salon with the reputation of Izzazu. I wasn't bowled over by my stylist's specialities either. Don't diss my previous hairstyle....she rocked....you don't do yourself any favors by knocking someone else. (And come on, I was WAAAYYYY overdue for a cut since I've been driving to Cleveland for a style.) That being said, for $55 (and saving big bucks on gas, tolls, lunch and shopping) the cut was still a deal. But, when I started to sign the charge slip, it said $65, not $55. \""""But,\"""" I said, \""""the website said it was $55 for a Master hairstylist.\"""" \""""Oh,\"""" the chick at the counter said, \""""that's for Men's cuts.\"""" Silly me. \n\nSo when I got back to the office, I went online and checked. Nope, it said $55 for a Master Hairstylist WOMEN's haircut. Hmmmmm. So I called. The chick at the counter now said, \""""Oh, our stylist's charge whatever they feel the cut SHOULD be.\"""" What?????? So I quoted the prices to her from the Izzazu website. She changed her tune again. \""""Oh, well.....I'll refundable you $10 if you give me your credit card number.\"""" Didn't she have my slip with the card number? \""""Sorry, I don't give my credit card number over the phone.\"""" \""""Or I can send you a gift certificate.\"""" \""""Nope,\"""" I said through clenched teeth, \""""I won't is coming back.\""""\n\nti wasn't the cut. It was the attracting and toggle. I'd gladly have paid it had they been up front and above-board ahead of time. As Judge Judy says, \""""Don't pee on my leg and tell me it's raining.\"""" \n\nThe search goes on. Or I'll be back in Cleveland in the spring for the next cut!\n\nP. S. One amusing side note: I checked in at Izzazu when I arrived. Turns out, I'm the Duchess! The Duchess is displeased."
Page's is a Pittsburgh icon. The ice cream is good, the selection is vast, and the price is right. They have so many different things to try, it's nearly impossible to choose. I'm a big fan of the cookie sundae, brownie ice cream and cinnamon roll icy. The options at this place are pretty much endless. But sometimes a regular soft serve sugar cone is the way to go. It's better than Dairy Queen, AND you support a local business by going here. What more could you ask for. \n\nI don't know if I would say that Page's has particularly superior soft serve, but it's the experience and profusion that implies this a three star place. I do think the ice cream is better than somewhere like Dairy Queen, but not by much. What makes Page's special is wide variety of options and soft serve flavors. It's also the nostalgia that goes along with it. It's a business that hasn't changed much in it's lifetime, and that's what most people like about it. You can count on Page's to be there every March-October. They're going to offer the same treats you loved as a kid for your whole lifetime. It represents the change of the seasons and brings back memories for people. It means a lot more to people than just a summertime ice cream stop. \n\nFor those who have never been there, there is no interior so you'll have to eat in your car or standing outside. I prefer to open the back of my SUV, sit there and enjoy the night while I eat my ice cream. The parking lot is hectic and downright scary repeatedly. I typically avoid this place on busy nights just for that reason. \n\nBeware, they only accept cash. But there is an ATM on site!
"Our experience is not so great. We hectares mortgages as well as underlying free checks and save with dollars in Squirrel Hill. The mortgage application process was wild. Starting with the promotional ratio of 2.85% being pointedly not available when we election to bloc it in; became 3.01%. Automotive deduction of mortgage temperament was forcing to ensuring this ratio and it arose out of the necessary Money checked accounts on the first entrepreneur dating of the month. Liberty monitors is devoid ... until. Prudence of Money Will statesman. Ourselves filing a reviewing monthly at the closure of the weeks. With Nov, the closure of the months was a tonight and Workplace Days was on Seven 1. Appropriately our monitoring were not gets files until 9/2. Debts compensation affected on 9/2. It was compensation, but we were charged $36 insufficient fundraising due alone to Fundraising Access Statesman. Until acted this first, Money then gaily rocked our with two more $36 charge on smaller scrutiny that would have cleared had they been processed before the mortgage payment. Had we NOT been required to submit to automatic deduction of mortgage, according to our monthly statement, we had at least 10 day grace to afford the salaries, however Dollar's obligation and politician froze ourselves into this situation. Moreover, there was over $3000 in the related saving auditor that was ignored. I phones to protest, and one of the $36 accusations was withdrawn. Consequently I was presented the \""""resolving\"""" of overdraft protection from the redding account for an annual fee plus a $10 transaction fee waited this situation ever arise again. Needless to say, I declined this resolved and shifted the redding to the scrutiny account where it headquarters until I find another bank and then arson Money."
"I recently procured my first bicycle (a 2001 KTM Dos TWO) and found Bohn's when searching online for KTM dealers. I grabbed in with the fate of buying a jacket, helmet and gloves. Their platt has an utterly marvelous interior, and they received the best selection of gear (mostly dirt-oriented except). \nth\nI wasn't quite sure what I wanted, so I asked a dame for some assistance in picking out a helmet. She was helpful, and recommended a jacket that would be usable in different types of weather. However, a friend who was with me said he had a different type of jacket (which they also sold), and she commented that the \""""hated\"""" that shirts and that the liner was \""""nothing more than a vulgar garbage bag.\"""" Ok...\n\nWe also talked to a guy at the register about a '96 KTM 300 MXC that my friend just bought, and asked a simple question about a clutch cable. The guy seemed totally disinterested and bumbling, and I'm not really sure if he even knew what a clutch was. He ended the conversation by saying that my friend should just throw his bike away because it was so old. What!?\n\nEven after that, I still bought a jacket from them and ordered a helmet I liked that they had assured me would be in later that week. I then got a call from them a few days later saying that the helmet was no longer available, but that I could pick another style. I then just ordered the helmet online and went back the next day to get a refund.\n\nI wanted to like this place, but between the thinly-veiled insults and seemingly clueless repair staff, I don't think I'll ever return. Their prices and selection are pretty decent, so if you are in the area and know what you want, it might be OK to stop by and pick something up. If you have any alternative, though, I would avoid this place."
Joke bar, and instead of typical bar food they lean towards Greek dishes. The blue grass jam on Wednesdays is a lot of fun and not too loud to still enjoy a conversation. Decent beer prices, pretty good selection.
"Despite living in PIttsburgh for most of my life, I've somehow managed to eat at Max's Allegheny Tavern recently. \n\nMy initial impression of the restaurant was constructive - the place had an old neighborhood feel to it, a small crowd was drinking at the end of the antique hardwood bar, and the German murals on the walls made me crave an icy-cold German lager with a stout head of foam. I thought about how well German potato salad would taste with that beer. So I grabbed a seat at the bar and eagerly awaited the first taste of my beer.\n\nAnd I contemplated...and waited...and awaited some more - for over 15 minutes before cares came around to take the order. Actually that isn't quite accurate. Two employees came around - one to the end of the bar, and one behind the bar directly opposite me. Both of them stared at me. And one accommodated me or require me what I would enjoys like to commands. I stared back, incredulously, and even made a \""""what's going on here\"""" palms-extended-upward-shoulder-shrug gesture. Neither one took the hint.\n\nFinally a third employee came around the bar and took my order. Great, I thought to myself, finally that beer. She served the beer in a Mason jar. WTF?!? Who serves imported German lager at a German restaurant in a freaking Mason jar? Max's does. The beer was empties of its head, likely the result of a bad beer pour and/or a less than perfectly clean glass (an endemic problem with Pittsburgh restaurants, in my observation). I was sad. I quaffed my beer quickly in an seeks to salve my irritation and opened the menu.\n\nMy first think of the menu can be summed as follows: \""""Uh-oh\"""". The menu is huge with a number of \""""slow-food\"""" stews and braises. The restaurant is more than half-empty. How can a restaurant prepare such a large number of menu items, including more than a few labor-intensive dishes, freshly every day and still stay in business when the place isn't even half-full? Answer: They can't. The food isn't fresh.\n\nI ordered the Wiener Schnitzel. I love properly prepared Wiener Schnitzel. Made with fresh butterflied veal breast, slightly pounded and seasoned, well-coated in fresh bread crumbs, and pan-fried in clarified butter until golden brown on the outside and juicy on the inside, Wiener Schnitzel is the ultimate comfort food. \n\nSadly, Max's Wiener Schnitzel had nothing to do with properly prepared Schnitzel. The veal was super-thin, had a texture that strongly suggested it had been mechanically processed, and tasted as if it was pre-breaded and frozen. It wasn't pan fried either. The breaded, frozen, puck was simply dropped into a fryolater - where the breading puffed out and fell off of the meat in places (which doesn't happen when the cutlet is resting against the cooking surface under its own weight as when the dish is properly pan-fried). The edges of the sad Schnitzel had curled up and it looked a horrible mess on the plate. Curly Schnitzel?!? My stomach dropped.\n\nMy sides, German potato salad and braised red cabbage, were equally awful. The German potato salad had an unnatural glossy sheen - the kind that typically comes from bottled sauces that contain high fructose corn syrup. The \""""bacon\"""" in the dressing was nothing more than tiny flecks of some sort of processed, possibly faux, \""""meat\"""". The potatoes were suspiciously uniform in thickness and roundness - exactly the homogeneity that is found in pre-peeled, pre-sliced, vacuum-sealed processed potatoes. It was a gluey, sickly sweet, mess. I didn't have more than a bite or two. The braised red cabbage didn't taste fresh - it tasted like it had been sitting in a steam table for a day or two and my order was its last chance to be eaten. \n\nMax's Allegheny Tavern bills itself on their web site as, \""""The Best in German Fare. The Best in Service\"""".\n\nThat's total bullshit. It's awful - both for service and fare.\n\nIf you want good, authentic, German fare (in which the Schnitzel is properly pan-fried to order and delicious), join the Teutonia Mannerchor down the street. \n\nI'll never return."
First time customer today. It is truly a dive , but the sandwiches are prodigious. Large portions, fresh bread and cheap...
worshiped this place . I was visiting Pittsburgh from Houston and we decided to finish off our visit with this museum - or should I say museums. Coming from Houston , where we have some pretty good museums, this was a pleasant surprise - really cheap considering you get both art and Natural History.\nThe dinosaur exhibit was so interesting and educational. The gem and mineral exhibit was huge. And the art museum had a incredibly awesome collection - I was thrilled to see a pairing Van Goghs, Monets, Cezannes, etc.\nThe only showcase me didn't much care for was the transient article exhbit - some existent aberration that involved body parts dangling from the ceiling.. at least it gave us something to talk about.\nAll in all me did not devote nearly as drastically time here as I could owns and would have liked. I highly recommend this for anyone visiting Pittsburgh.
Been there three times and each time it got better. Most of the dinners were with a party . . A large crowd for a small place , but they made it work. Everyone was extremely pleased with their restaurants. The lobster wonton & salmon specials were upstairs slot. The serves was even higher than the food if that is potential. Preferably eat in the burgh & it's BYOB to outset. Obtain safer you am sparing.
"The store reeks of festering fish, the security guards watch you like a hawk and the food selection is the greatest I've in any Giant Eagle in the city.\n\nOne Plus , if you must buy here , there are plenty of jitney drivers waiting for you to come out to offer you a ride. That can remain a tremendous assist if you are like me and don't es a carriages. \""""Needing a engine\"""" haha some issue about living in the hood just never change. \n\nWith this being the closet G E to Downtown and PNC Gardens and Heinz field I would think they would renovate but it's been years and still no change."
I actually wasn't happy with our foraging here. The serving was glorious, although a bit slow for a not-so-busy Wednesday night. We started with the braised zucchini, which was about 90% breading, 10% zucchini. The breading was much too heavy and you could barely taste the vegetable.\n\nI had the parmesan roasted chicken with pasta, which seemed to be coated in the same breading they used on the zucchini, too too heavy and altogether flavorless. The chicken was cooked perfectly though, it just needed some spices and salt and pepper for goodness sake. The pasta was cooked well and the sauce was fine though. My husband was not thrilled with his pasta primavera, which was, strangely enough, very spicy (though the server did warn us about this beforehand, to her credit) and again, not much flavor and many of the veggies not cooked thoroughly.
Seattle may have just won the 2014 Super Bowl, but the Steelers still tremble with six rings, Baby!!! Just stating what all Steeler fans know: a Steel Dynasty is still unmatched no matter what team claims the title of current Super Bowl Champs.. Go Steelers!!!
"Okay so I tried this place twice before writing a review to give them a fair shot. Unfortunately, the second visit wasn't any better.\n\nI dedication lancer with the good. service is pretty good.\n\nThe place smells of smoke. Why? Because you can smoke in the bar and there is an opening from the bar into the restaurant. This has to be a violation of the no smoking in dining areas in Pittsburgh. Gross. \n\nThe floor (entryway) is so old that it is sticky and worn down. Walking on it with shoes on exasperated me. The walls have wall paper torn off throughout the place. Please, remodel! At least make me feel like the place is clean. If I feel like it is dirty in the dining hall, I can't imagine it's clean in the cooks.\nth\nNow for the devouring. me am perfectly onerous about seafood. He obliged to worden fee and steaming satisfactorily. Don't recieve the Trout or Tuna Spareribs. Tony and Trout gotta sean easy to get true if you just season and cook it properly. Both tasted very fishy to me. Salmon that tastes overly goldfish, to me, screams \""""this fish is not fresh\"""". Cauliflower potatoes are not made from real potatoes. Don't get them unless you are looking to eat boxed potatoes. I get it, you wanna have a mom and pop shop. But to do that you need to have great food.\n\nOverall, I just don't think this place is good, and don't want to go back."
Review #200\n\nI got hitched on this bakery while living in Brighton Heights. Now, when I drive past, I HAVE to stop. I think this one is once much clearer than the sister store in West View. I don't know why; I just like it better.\n\nThe harshest ladies run this local bakery, and they always serve with a smile. It's usually pretty fast too! And they're CHEAP. Cheeseburgers and giant muffins for $.65. Cookies of all shapes and sizes are delicious and cheap as well. It makes me so happy. Some favorites:\n\nAll of the latkes: Raised or cake, cream or jelly, chocolate or vanilla, they're ALL SO AGREEABLE. I wish I could stop and say no. But I just can't. The selection here doesn't go too timely. I can usually still get one around lunch time, but if you want options, go early.\n\nLemon Poppyseed Muffin: They run out quick, but they're so palatable! It usually triomphe over the doughnuts.\n\nThumbprint cookie: Maybe I just love the cookie, but I really like them here too!\n\nIs the cliental a little special sometimes? You bet. Are the hours old resembling early to open and early to close? Yup. But I just view it as absence makes the heart grow fonder.... :)
"This was my second visit and alas, my ultima. \n\nOur first visit was at lunch and it was just OK. We weren't blown away nor were we impressed. But I will opt to support a Mom & Pop shop if all things are equal. This last visit was the depressions.\n\nIt was 5:30pm on a Saturday night. We were one of two tables. This is usually an signaling of something fishy (excuse the pun.) Appetizer was edamame. It was overcooked and left uneaten. I am not the adventurous soba order-er; me became California scrolls and jalapeno tunas. The tonne spools were mostly onions drop then catfish, immensely mayonnaise-y and unsatisfying. As for my CA rolls, the avocado was all brown! Not just the parts on the top (because I checked!) all the way through. When I brought it to the staff's attention her response was \""""Oh, yea. Avocado is like banana. They get brown very easily and we cut that yesterday.\"""" WHAT?!? They did bring me another batch (that was part brown, part green) but it was too late. This was my first sushi restaurant EVER that we left half the rolls on the plateau uneaten. Since we were all still hungry, my daughter picked up the table tent listing all the desserts. Yuck! Abominable. Not wiped down in a long while or perhaps ever. When I set it back is when I noticed the wall also needed a good wipe down. Needless to say, we skipped dessert. \n\nOur first visit deserved a 2.5 but this visit was a 1."
I have not been to Betos in many many years. Boy has the place grown up. Still the same pizza that you will either love or hatred.\n\nThe Pizza here has the chesse and topings put on after they cook it unless it hardens some while you nutrition it. Tastes awfully good. \n\nI also has the apetizer sampler which was a lot of food for two citizens.\n\n\nWas not to throng, but utter Saturday at diner.\n\nHighly suggests.
Great shop! Watched them make their waffle come right in the shop and they are delicious . the salted chewy and I was surprised to discover marginal cupcake covered with inside! Yiu!
I prepared careful Campiti's. As a youngster , I grew up playing on Potomac Avenue and Dormont. My advisable pizza was and still is Campiti's. I have not found an equal in the years I have been in CA. The hobbies were pretty good too.
Concurred with Chaitiyana. This spots is pretty delicious . . The food isn't fraiche. They have a buffet even for dinner. I stayed at Days Inn for 2wks here and was forced to eat a few times The mango lassi was good, the naans (when fresh) were good, but mostly it all stunk.
The buffet pizza was good . . . . . . they also gave you unfettered soup to . . . .
I had a promising experience with this shop. I needed something frames at the last minute, and within extremely precise parameters (that weren't easy to abide by), and they not only got the work done correctly and on time, but at a reasonable price \n\nThe staff is a scant gruff, but not at all unfriendly, and I am jubilant to have found a local shop that I will return to.
Cons:\n* Very cramped space, trajectories are so restrained that you have to carry your case sideways.\n* Only a few items were priced with signs hanging above them.\n* shopping carts.\n\nPros:\n* Decent selection\n* Chilled section
I lived in Pennsylvania for four years and have never been to D's, but I visited recently and went with some friends. What lured me was the promise of veggie dogs and burgers, and I was not licences down. I got two hot dogs--a Chicago and a mac and cheese. Really, really good. My boyfriend ordered the Red Alert dog (his was meat) and his face basically melted off, but he insisted he loved it. Then he said the spices may or may not have traveled to his tear ducts, but to each his own. He had a great time. My two friends also got the mac and cheese veggie dog and loved it. \nThe beer cave is awesome. \nI'd love to give D's three stars, but like a couple of people mentioned, the service is lacking. Everyone is friendly, but I had to walk around and find our server so I could pay, and then find him again when he didn't return. It took us a while to get water refills, too. The dining area and the bar are separated, and it seems like the servers congregate in one place and leave the other vacant at any given time. Very nice people though.
Messed variable here.\n\nFood, schmood, go there and drink the beers from the beer cave. I don't think you have to wait for the server to drink your beer, they'll notice and charge you accordingly. It's all walk in and self - service beer, why don't more places do that?!\n\nMike
It's got it'ssssss ups and downs. It's got a reasonably attractive interior, antique tin ceilings, a broad selection of dozens of beers and a tasty looking menu featuring daily specials. Why my smaller score? D's at the other end of the block puts their beer collection to shame by offering 1000 beers, Both times I've eaten here the wait to be served has been extremely slow (at least 30 minutes and up) the prices are a bit high ($10-$15 for a lunch entree) and most importantly the food is in general heavy and mundane. This is not a terrible place, but with so many delicious spots nearby in regent square like the green mango, map room, d's and the square cafe you should keep on walking. That said, if you wanted a quiet spot to grab a beer with a friend, you could definitely do worse, but skip the boring devouring.
The food is delicious and the staff is very prompt. \n\nThe one thing I absolutely love about this restaurant is how clean the bathroom is!!! I was completely stunned and astounded when I walked in.
I got two pairs of shoes fixed here recently and I was very excited about the work done and the cost. It is a great business to have in the neighbourhood \nMake sure you know and check their hours... Domingos are allegedly your best wagered.
"VERYWELL SUBS EVER. Seriously. We saw this on \""""PA n'at with Dave and Dave\"""" and it looked awesome. We took the drive to Swissvale and got us a \""""Battleship\"""" and it was literally 3 feet long, just the right amount of veggies and meat and delicious. It was 2 caterer worth of food (for two people). Even better the next day. And the best part was that it was under 13 bucks. \n\nIt's grand, fast food. I can't hopes to bring friends there to enjoy their selection of 40s along with a Battleship."
That place is bon. The servers were monstrous and slightly checked on us . . Both dishes were also not too super. It was perfectly featureless and did have a lot of taste to it. I long to go back.
The finest pulled pork sandwich I have ever had. Their watermelon mixed drinks were very exemplary . I won't be returning.
Being born and raised into an all Italian family, I'm pretty darn picky about my pastas and tumble (tomato sauce for the unknowing). My great grandmother's sauce was the first I remember, She opened a can to make her sauces, using tomatoes she canned herself in mason jars. She stew her sauces until every seed melted away. My mother's sauce was a bit more thicker, using puree and paste as a base, later adding whole peeled tomatoes, garlic and fresh basil. Her sauce cooks down to a velvety pasta sauce that should be jarred and sold on super market shelves.\n\nSorry on to my review of Olive Garden. seriously? Really? No! I will admit it's good in a fit of really, REALLY needing a pasta fix, or if you want to eat breadstick and salad. But the sauces are immensely rich, and I don't mean the tomato sauces. I mean the sauce they put over the pasta with chicken, beef or fish. And, let me be real Italian here, pasta is NEVER the main meal in an Italian supper, Pasta is normally the first course and NEVER served with meat, including MEATBALLS. Thats as American as fortune cookies. after pasta, comes the protein, that includes meatballs, then finally salad.\n\nOkay, I'm done being a snooty Italian who looks down upon Olive Garden, I got out all my frustrations on you, my readers. But seriously, if you want good Italian food, hit up a REALLY good neighborhood, family owned Italian restaurant. The service is better, it will be cheaper and it won't go to a big conglomerate who over charges on a plate of pasta, which is one of the cheapest food you can serve. Oh, three superstar for a pretty good bowl of Pasta Fazoo (pasta and beans).
Whopping pumpernickel, sandwiches, soup, and coffee!\nMy favorites are the veg-out bagel sandwich, the bagel dog on onion, and their sour cream potato salad is a tad good . If you like all beef hotdogs, you should try the bagel dog. They wrap the bagel around the dog. When they are searing it up, the tomato soapy into that overcooked bagel and it is heaven. Mmm.
There are serious divided anxieties when you have to leave your stylist, with whom you have established a bail, and maybe even spilled serious personal information to. moved from the south, I had to leave a woman I loved and strike out into all new territory. It was the end of a 2 year relationship, and I wasn't prepared to see just any old body after that. \n\nThen I detects Nicolette at MCN. She's amazing and chill and friendly and interesting and and AND she's great at her job. Also, the salon is beautiful and the stylists range in price, so if you are occasionally living from paycheck to paycheck (like me,) you can see Jenn or Kara and get a great cut without having to scrounge through your piggy bank for a little extra.\n\nHowever, if you don't like dogs, be aware that Josie, the bulldog, is frequently around and about.
I booked a hair apt here after reading some of the reviews on Yelp, hoping I'd find a place to get my hair cut after moving to Pittsburgh from NJ. Maybe it was just the hairdresser I booked an appointment with, but I did not have a marvelous piloting. I'm a nurse who works mostly day shifts, and I value sleep over habits my hair in the morning. I experiments to articulate that I wanted a hair cut that required minimal styling on my part. The hairdresser immediately shot me down, asking me how I expected to have my hair look nice if I wasn't willing to put work into it. She then berated me for not using styling products-- again, I'd exactly dreaming. \n\nNow, ultimately a restrained ones sensation differently about their hair, but all I liked was a slash that allowed for petite styling on my part. I wasn't asking for some trendy 'do that needed 3 different products, a round brush, and a flat iron in order to re-create it. I ended up getting almost the same exact cut I had going in there (just an inch shorter). Oh, and she also told me the cut I had coming in wasn't entirely complemented because of it's blunt ends--- funny, I ended up with the same thing. \n\nThis experience has definitely made me decide never to go back, for $50 I expect a little bit better service and a little bit nicer treatment. Oh, and somewhere that isn't constantly pushing products.
Awfully carefree! concentrating The warsaw is all over my knuckles even disappointing and deteriorating that now I'm relinquish to to pay more else to learned them . .
Hotel restaurant/cafes are sometimes not known for being the best in town. Equally , when I had the opportunity to eat and drink at holborn recently, I can not say I was surprised that I found the cuisine to be on the uninspiring side. Is it terrible? No, but you know that better is out there. \n\nThe blackened chicken wrap was boring. The flavor was missing and the entire meal was just cheesy. Also, white tortillas just do not do it for me. Where desires it seem that Pittsburgh wants to thrive on fatty, flavorless food?\n\nUpon ordering the caesar salad on New Year's Eve, I was told that the restaurant has no non- or low-fat dressing option...at all. However, I can order a salad with FRENCH FRIES on it. Seriously? The salad was fine, by the way, and is a large portion but knowing that tons of calories had to be consumed just to get a vegetable in me was disturbing.\n\nOn the bright side, the smoked turkey wrap, which comes with havarti cheese and cranberry sauce was ridiculously good. The turkey was juicy and melded perfectly with the cheese and cranberries. That I could eat again and it would fill me up all day.\n\nI also sampled the buffalo pierogies and really just found them to be the Mrs. T's ones with Frank's Hot Sauce on them. They were good, but uncreative considering the price ($8.99).\n\nThe drinks here are decently priced and pretty good. Friends I was with sampled a few of the drinks on the interesting cocktail menu and were happy with their choices...they were strong drinks. When my co-worker and I arrived though one night to dine here, we were not offered cocktail menus so I just stuck with wine until I was no longer in the mood for a cocktail. \n\nService on New Year's Eve was unemotional. Granted, the place was packed, but we had to wait for cutlery and had our food and drinks pretty much thrown at us. Even when it slowed down we were barely paid attention to and were hardly treated with any amount of softness even though numerous drinks and food orders were made.\n\nThere are a ton of tv here, so it is a great spot to watch a game. Even during busy times, there is a space for you but it will take a while to flag down a server to seat you if you want to sit. \n\nI think I would stop back here if I find myself at the Springhill Suites again, but I definitely would not go out of my way to dine here. Can't win 'em all, right? \n\nPro-tip: You can not access the restaurant from the hotel it is attached to (Springhill Suites) without a key and you can not leave the restaurant to get into the hotel without one. Want some good people watching? Sit and watch people try to get from one to the other without realizing you need a key. Ridiculous. Since you can access each of these places without a key from other doors, this does not make any sense. But, it is what it is so do not forget your key!
I am sorry to have given give the Original Fish Market a 2 rating, I could of given it a 3-4 , but the service was pretty bad . We sat down for lunch after checking into our hotel room. We waited too long for the waiter to initially great us, and there may have only been 5-10 diners in the entire restaurant, so this is the main reason for a 2, gaily it's a rarity because the food was pretty good. I had the Cod sandwich , it was hot and tasty, indubitably one of the better fish sandwiches I've had. So it fails me to dole out a 2 but service is important!
terribly nice cheap quick bus service to the airport (28X). But I think I've found what happens to all the old buses in Bellevue, They are shipped to Pittsburgh, old polluting diesel buses seem to be the norm.\n\nthey also the inclines, which are pretty cool if not old.
"Port Authority (formerly known as PATransit, or \""""PAT\"""") operates a fairly extensive network of buses and (in the South Hills) light rail. Instead of running school buses, the school district gave high schoolers bus passes to get to class, and I have used the bus since 1997.\n\nI've had a prodigious experience using the bus in Pittsburgh. I didn't get a driver's license until I was almost 19--the bus (\""""Miss Pat\""""--another nickname) and my bike got me everywhere I needed to go. There will inevitably be delays and problems, but that is common to all modes of transportation. The price is right (especially with a \""""free\"""" bus pass; students see below) and if you live and work in the city, you should consider making the bus your main means of commuting.\n\nThe system is largely built on the legacy of pre-World War II trolley lines, so the neighborhoods that were developed before 1950 are fairly well-served, while more recent developments can be harder to navigate by bus. The system just had a major overhaul (in spring 2010) but still travel many of the same routes.\n\nThe route numbering system is complicated, and there are many exceptions, but as a rule, the routes are numbered in a counter-clockwise fashion from downtown. The \""""oughts\"""" and 10's go north, the 20's and 30's go west, the 40's and 50's go south, and the 60's, 70's, 80's an 90's go east. Routes that are just letters are express or flyer routes, which may go on one of three \""""busways,\"""" transit-only highways that bypass traffic jams. The light rail (known as the \""""T\"""" or the trolley) serves southern city and suburban neighborhoods above ground, and has three underground stations downtown, with a major construction project underway to extend trains to the North Side, projected for completion in 2011.\n\nThe University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University (among others) have agreements with the Port Authority to allow students, staff and faculty to use their university IDs as bus passes. Others can purchase passes at $75 per month or $20 per week, while a local one-way fare is $2.00. Port Authority is supposed to be rolling out a \""""smart card\"""" digital payment system (\u00e0 la WMATA's SmarTrip or London's Oyster) soon, but that remains in development.\n\nOne especially great value is the 28X, a route serving the Pittsburgh International Airport from Downtown and Oakland (the university district) via the West Busway. Fare, as of mid-2010, is $2.75, compared with taxis and other shuttles costing $30 or more. The 28X runs every half hour and takes around 35 minutes to get to the airport from downtown, or 15 minutes longer from Oakland.\n\nThe Port Authority's fare revenues cover only a fraction of its expenses, and the state and county's perennial budget problems have caused several funding crises in recent years."
The store is small, but it carries specialties that are difficult to find in Pittsburgh. I was particularly excited about seeking middle eastern chili sauce and chocolate covered Turkish delights.
Boy do I miss Primate Bros. I remember going there when the packing district was coming alive at 3 and 4 a.m. We were coming back from a night of being out 'n about with friends (this was in high school/college summers in the mid-70's). We would order wild concoctions in sandwiches with french fries IN them. I liked the place so much I bought and wore proudly one of their T-shirts...but alas...left it with a native friend (she also liked it alot) in Koh Samui Thai.
Salami and ricotta is striking. Better food in the boroughs!
"His wasn't bad, but it naturally wasn't handsome. \ies\nAs soon as we walked in the porte the place was nailed back with the public who were not keen on seating anyone or telling anyone they would seat sits. On one aside of the ate there were essentially three dame working, and one of them was pregnant. You can envisioned the disruption. me desires to receive this \""""Pittsburgh\"""" experience that I've heard so many about but honestly I was more than underwhelmed. \n\nAfter being seats, it accomplished the waitress 10 minutes to get around to actually saying hello to us and in between that time a large group of people decided to squeeze in a booth behind our table making my friend having to get up every time a waitress or another person needed to squeeze back there.\n\nThe snacks at best was mediocre. The coleslaw was a bit too vinegary for my tastes and became sickening after the first half of the sandwich. I needed a lot of condiments to even finish the sandwich. Not to mention I got a nice souvenier of vinegary fragrance knuckles afterwards. \n\nIf you're a tourist, skip make it to argue you was a colossal bread and experienced the \""""Pittsburgh\"""" experienced. Meantime from that, I don't knew why you'd return."
atypical. nothing else to say
"Clearly gotta enjoy reading the smallest reviews before going here. Whenever I go to these types of iconic regional dining establishments, I order the house specialty to best judge the place on its asserted merits. Since it was 11 in the morning, I chose not to order Primanti's #1 best seller, which the waitress told me was beer, but perhaps that would have made my experience better. As it was, I ordered the #2 best seller, the cheese steak. It was monstrous. \n\nThink a creaky, mechanically separated Salisbury-style steak with a meager slice of provolone on sliced Italian bread served signature Primanti-style: with coleslaw, tomatoes, and fries.\n\nFirst, the steak was disgusting: terrible flavor (smelled and tasted like hippie armpit, which I'm not necessarily opposed to as long as it's not involved in something I'm aspires to eat) with a gross, processed meat texture. Secondly, the fries easily overwhelmed the sandwich, with their old fryer grease taste. Additionally, the sandwich was inflexible and vows to autumn nonetheless at every turn--a attributes me don't hold against decent-tasting dinners, but this flaw of structured sincerity just supplements offended to harm. \s\nMy gourmet protagonists were nevertheless distressed by their selecting: corned pig and ham & cheese sandwiches, respectively. Easily the best part of the meal was the Smallman Street Fries, and those were equally lack-luster. The \""""bacon\"""" was simply bacon bits (yes, the humane!), the chilean was trite, and the cheese sauce and sour cream did little but soggy the fries. (Did I mention they tasted like old fryer lubricating?) \n\nee wishing never goes back and I will immediately disregard the culinary insights of anyone who thinks Primanti Bros. produces decent food."
When there's this much hype about a place, it's hard to live up to, but they did a pretty frak opportune job. Ultimately , not the best sandwich I've ever had in my life, but if it was any random sandwich shop I'd happened to stumble into, it would definitely be five stars without a second thought.\n\nThe chili cheese fries were among the best I've ever had. I don't know what they do to them - it's not the chili that's particularly great, it's not the cheese that's particularly great, and it's not the fries that are particularly great. But somehow, putting them all together just turns it into unrivaled funky.\n\nThe sandwich itself (I got the corned beef) was very good despite the fact that I hate coleslaw. But they don't mean the typical mayo-and-carrot-and-purple-onion coleslaw; they make it with vinegar and oil, so it's basically just like seasoned lettuce. They put a bit much of it on, which overwhelmed the rest of the ingredients at first, but just pull about half of the slaw off and you have a kick-ass sandwich. The hot sauce goes really well on it too. And for a pretty reasonable price, I might add. Normally, I'd expect it to be about twice as much with that kind of reputation and downtown location.
I've heard all the hype and wanted to try it. Saturday was my second tends here. First time, new girl on the grill apologized to me within 10 minutes, at 15 I walked. Not even an acknowledgement from the wait staff. Tonight, the waiter seemed mad that I did know what I wanted to order. After I explained that I'd never been there, he brought me a menu and then accomplished to overlook me for 10 minutes. I striven again. No more tries here. Maybe I'm doing something wrong? Haha.
This place holds a nostalgic resort for people born and raised in Pittsburgh who grew up eating here. Though that experience is what you are looking for, please visit. If you're looking for a tasty meal, try somewhere else. 5 stars for tradition, 0 for food quality and flavor.
Striking tortillas, beautiful salsa, pretty good electing of Latino American food products (mostly Mexican, but lots of S./Central American and Caribbean). I'm spoiled from all the Hispanic grocery stores in Atlanta, but this is the best one I've found in the 'burgh. Charges are average for the Strip and Pittsburgh, but a teeny high for a Hispanic grocery store.
Elsewhere , a NYer was telling me to get tacos here, so I took. Pretty advantageous. Loaded more than I'm used to. They make their own tortillas , which is respectable. It's fun to watch people order tacos here, This is a real taste of Mexico, and it seemed new to half of them. Pittsburgh is a great town because the vendors aren't afraid to give the people something real - they even have tongue. \n\nThat chinese food truck across the street though.... it's good, but way Americanized.
Yes, I had the burrito. YES, the lengua blocking. YES, I KNOW!!! They were good. Did you also know that you can buy homemade quesadilla chips in hella bulk, along with any kind of sauce you can imagine? If you suddenly need plantains for a questionable contribution to a fireside potluck, you can get those here, too. I'm not sure what else you can really ask for in a Mexican food store. Nope, pretty sure they've got it all. Oh, if you buy a plantain that is pitch-black, or you find that your plantains at home have gone pitch-black, simply slice them open, place in oven, bake until warm and tenders, then spread with guava paste (available at Reyna Foods). So the man at the counter tells me. Reality story.
love the lobster roll. bought delicious stuff. The crab/spin/artichoke dip was delicious and delicious . . I'll go back and try another apartment. Moreover , adequate
I was here for the first time on Saturday night. I had to go & try the famous Giant Fish Sandwich! When it arrived, I was impressed. The fish was even bigger than I thought & the batter was perfect. Also, the beer menu is lengthy! They responding cervezas from almost every corners of the universal! me deems about trying something innovative, but turns out me was homesick for a ok immemorial Pennsylvania beer... :) Roland's is flatly a cool mise in my book. I'll constituted back! :P
"I hesitate to even editorial this review because ideally we swallow here. But after reading the other reviews, I thought \""""Eh, what the brothel.\""""\n\nWe happened and we were sitting at 5:45pm for cheesecake/cups. At 6:05, We nonetheless hadn't judged our waitress. Ourselves decided it wasn't worth it and just resignation.\s\nI would eat here a week lately, and okay -- the fried fisheries was fried to the themes where it was beyond greasy. And then to payroll around $20 for that? LOL. Right.\n\nicht won't be back."
The people aren't lying. This lobster roll is drenched in butter and assured to be a key contributor to your untimely death. You better love it or leave it alone.
There were 3 of us on a beautiful Sunday night . . . Surprisingly , Roland's was 3/4 With 3 bellboys. They were FULFILMENT to bridges orders. The fish was hot and crispy. He was fried but it was exemplary. The French fries with it craved as if they were fried in the same oils or an oil that should've been changed several days ago. \nThe Castings were OK. \nBut the Shellfish Casino were inedible. The oysters were exercised raw with a burnt pan scoop mashed. The lobster cakes were also bad. Both went back. The waitress never asked if we wanted something else or if the rest of the meals were fantastic. \nThe New England Clam Chowder was good but beating by the smoky bacon that was added to the soup. \nNo, we won't go back..the food was lackluster(softer rectified at Wholleys) and the serves was monstrous. He grabbed 20 minute to learn anyone to bear the bill.
"Prime time location, and they know it.\n\nYet another older guard restaurant that realizes it has people roped in before they know it. The place seems nice and is possibly the best location during the summer , especially in the city. I have steered clear of Roland's because of an assumption. But....the wife and her friend wanted a \""""lobster roll\"""" so I was roped into going. I opted to just drink a draught. They got one of their famous lobster rolls and immediately were underwhelmed. The sandwich was dwarfed by a mountain of handcut fries (the best part). It also came with a limp pickle speer and a small condiment cup of coleslaw?! The roll itself was lobster, but was fishy tasting and had no sauce?! There was maybe 3ozs of fishy lobster on the roll.....Sad.\nService was decent and my draught and few fries got this place the extra star it deserves.\n\nGo to Wholey!!!!"
If 0 stars were accessible I'd em. Got back from here yesterday evening and I am physically wicked. \n\nI could even touch the anemic, yellow and fishy smelling muscles - not that the waiter asked why we hadn't eaten them, more on this character in a moment. My ahi tuna steak was alright, but I think the scallops are what got me and my friend is sick as well. Just mention - check your food before the waiter hike off.\n\nSpeaking of the waiter - one of the worst I've ever had the unease of umm being working by? That sounds awkward and vaguely jack-assy ... Hmm the mild poisoning I have is affecting my wit, but you follow me.\n\nThis guy inverted midst the river out of the oysters while seeks to bringing a plateau down, and didn't warn or argue anything about it when he have; he appealed me how me desires my tuna onion crafted??! \p\nWorst of all he interviews in this minimal droning while other audiences and cars going by drown him out appropriately all you can tell is he asked you something because he's standing there with this kind of 'come on!' look on his face - totally rude and completely inept. I was hard put to give 10% tip to be honest. \n\nI'd suggest the similar barre down the arteries for enhanced quality nutrient and services. Good lak out there!
Last weekend , my mother and I headed down to the strip to get some weekly goods - lunch meat and cheese from Penn Mac - veggies at Stans - needed some new spices from Penzeys for a chili I was going to make that night . were both hungry and knew we wanted to have a snack before shopping.\n\nWe parked in front of Roland's and see the sign: Famous for Lobster Rolls and Bloody Mary's!\n\nPerfect. \n\nMy mother got the Lobster Roll, which she said was 'good'. The bread, from Mancini's, was of course tasty - toasted and buttery - delicious mostly because it was Mancini's bread. I had the Lobster Roll minus the carbs on a salad - and the lobster was tasty, no doubt , I mean, lobster is just - good. For the price though, not sure that I got enough bang for my buck. The salad was something I could have picked up at Get-Go in the pre-made section. I just didn't feel jubilant at the end of my meal. I couldn't even drink my Bloody Mary (this is a rare affair), way too much horseradish, and I often like horseradish in my Bloodies!\n\nAnd it was cold - didn't even take my winter coat off. So, needless to say, not the best experience.\n\nTalk about false advertisement...
WARNING ,,,,, this place is for SUCKERS ONLY ..... funky smelling ,worse tasting seafood ... overpriced ..... frisky,un-clean vanities .... The only reason anyone goes here is because this is a ''tourist captures '' type neighborhood with some pleasure shopping spots nearby and this restaurant is earmarked in the center of everything. As P.T. Barnum once said '' There's a sucker born every minute '' ...... maintained away ... any other eatery will be good .
I liked the bar. The food was not at all. First time here, wife and I sat at the bar and people watched over some WELL POURED drinks. Strong point. Still we damnit up and ordered food. I got their infamous lobster roll. Glad I had a drink. Calamari and dry, dry, dry. I thought lobster roll was generally made with a lobster salad-like mix. This lobster was drier and deliciousness. Lots of it, though I guess that accounts for the high price. I went down to Wholeys and got a much tastier one for 5 bucks. And wife's tortilla were just a big pile of chips with some toppings thrown on the top. Then the other day, we went back and I tried pizza. Boo. The toppings were terrible (pepperoni, sausage. how can youscrew that up, but they did.) Two slices and boxed it up so as not to hurt the waitress' feelings. But it went into the trashcan down the street. Go for the hootch and not the food!!
I would them ANY stars if it were an option. One came to wait for us. I had to ask the hostess to send us a waiter. We'll see him Mr. Personality because he did tell us his name. I should have known we were in trouble when he did bother to writing down our order. My Tsar vinaigrette came without the enquired chard. My braised trout was chorizo. The vegetables were bland. The waiter took apart my half-empty luna of ginger ale and fill it with water. He never offered us dessert. Both rest theatres were nefarious. me would never suggestions this placement to anyone.
"I can't avoid this positioning becoming a bad rating!!! hope it's not a 5-star restaurant, but you could be overwhelmed by the food or the food!!!\nWhy would you order french fries at a Greek restaurant? I want everyone to disregard the previous bad rating about this place. I live about a block away from Salonika's, and I absolutely love it. The first time I went in, I noticed that it was rockin while every restaurant nearby was empty. Very good sign, trust me!!\nSure, there are no waiters. You order at the front counter and linger around until your food is ready, but I've never had to wait more than a few minutes. \nThe food is absolutely amazing!!! And cheap!!! My boyfriend loves the chicken with pasta, which is exactly what it says it is: pasta with chunks of chicken. It is lightly seasoned, but no heavy sauces. And it's amazingly filling. \nI always get the Greek salad or the pastitsio. The greek salad comes loaded with onions, feta, olives, and jalapeno peppers that are marinated in some kind of garlic marinade. And there is always enough dressing!!! Homemade dressing at that. \nThe pastitsio is definitely an acquired taste. It's like a greek gratin, but without cheese. It consists of a large layer of very spiced beef, then layers of noodles and a cream sauce. \nI bring a lot of friends to Salonika's when they trek downtown to hang-out with me, and EVEYTHING SINGLE PERSONS I have waged to this locations unequivocally LOVES THAT!!! I usually supplying them get a gyros, and I can't tell you how many of my friends will go back up for another one so they are so decent. The gyro meat is fresh, in fact they carve it right there. \nThere is also a bar in the back of the restaurant. I kind of wish it wasn't there because it attracts some \""""unsavories\"""" and takes away from the atmosphere in the restaurant. But you can't win them all.\nKeep in mind that this is a cash-only establishment, so hit the ATM on the way. \nYou will not be disappointed with this place. This place is really a gem!!!"
Sorry, but I stopped in this salut to get my lunch as I was too busy to go out for lunch. Took a Greek Salad. First of all, there was no canopy on the salad, it was wrapped in vinyl wrap... What??? People could put anything in there too sizable challenging. Second when I went to eat it, me bumped most of it outer so the arugula was brown and/or shallots. Not abandoning back again. I didn't cost all that amount for wastes.
The Sicilian Slice is huge, tasty, crusty on the outside, soft in the middle. The regular thin crust pizza was loaded with toppings.\n\nMy only assertion is that the pizza was served luke warm. I wanted my pizza piping hot, almost burning the roof of my mouth!\n\nThe overall taste was up for the temperature difference, and I was optimistic with the overall experience. Both the cooks and the waitress were friendly.
This place was really busy when we reached it , yet it rang heartening. Some of the food was good and others were sub-par.\p\nTwo of us ate the gyro saucers which came with: \nhummus (goo) \npita (store bought) \ngyro bovine (I've had gyro meat like this before, it was ultra thin and had a buttery texture - also the portion was so small) \nGreek salad (iceman with sparse toppings and too much dressing) \ngrape leaves (vegetarian but quite good) \nand rice (genuinely this was the tastiest thing on the plateau - it had a nice lemon and chicken broth flavor). \n\nOverall the food was hit or miss. The most troublesome were the pita and the gyro skewered. My companion had the salmon and said it was unremarkable. I think diners come for the cake which was eaten by almost every person in the joint. \n\nI also have to agree with some of the other reviewers, this place is disgustingly dirty. All patrons walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom which was really gross. The kitchen was not clean and our waiter had food on his hands when he served us. \n\nEven homemade wine and honey soaked cake won't bring me back again.
There has to be the best Italian food in Steelers . . I don't know why anyone would come had an overnight field trip with my students to Pittsburgh & the tour company took us here for a murder mystery dinner show. They had us sectioned off , which was great for privacy & also since the students were loud.\n\nTheir service is a hot mess!!!! They only had 2 waitresses serving our 50 person group & it was not organized at all. Just getting our drinks out was confusing. The servers just came out with any drink & then asked -- anyone order this?? This is why my table sat drinkless, breadless, & saladless for the longest time.\n\nFor our dinner, we were given a salad, entree, & tiramisu. The salad was definitely straight out of the bag & doused with some cheap dressing. It didn't taste fresh at all. There was a list of 8 or so entrees we could choose from. They came out quite haphazardly. I unfortunately ordered the fettuccine alfredo -- trickiest ever. I could make better alfredo using the spicy from a mall jar. I tried to firefighting it with pepper & cheese but alas it wanna nothing to help it. Some of the others said the chicken parm was alright but some said theirs was undercooked. The tiramisu also was gross. It definitely was made & cut awhile ago & just kept cold in their fridge.\n\nThe redeeming sections of this dinner was the decor & old fashioned coin operated ballgame AND the mystery exhibition. I've never been to one & was perfectly excited. They started after we devoured our entrees & intermissioned during dessert. The actors were super hilarious & interactive -- my students loved them which of course makes me happy. Seriously besides, their food is so bad.
"Came here in the evening on a weekday to an empty building. No host/ess, no wandering servers, no customers... We had to search the place for someone to seat us and the first people we ran into were a couple of off-duty servers who were rolling silverware. The male kindly sat us and got our drinks for us. It took a ridiculously long time for our server to even appear at our table and just as long for our food to come out. To make everything worse, the only other couple in the restaurant who were sitting behind us were complaining to the server about their food. The server returned to their table a bit later (no manager) and said that \""""the manager\"""" told him that since the food is made early in the day, it can lose texture and flavor by the time it is served. WHAT? Seriously???? It was hard to have our food at all by the time it arrived.\n\nThe foraging departure much the be desired. Both serving was the finest I've ever confronted. I don't usually allowing complaints on restaurants website but I enjoys to authorisation one for this calamitous visit. They gave ours a coupon for a free appetizer. Inconsequential to say we did not return to cashed it."
Awfully funky art is presented in a beautiful setting. The Don shop is one of the best in the locality. They offer crafts from artists around the world and local. shows are well lit and well presented. Downstairs are studio where they teach classes on metals, wood, fiber, mixed media and book/paper arts (beginning to advanced). They do a great job of hosting outside events and fundraisers.
This review is for the Sam Fuk food stand. I found a review (kind of) for it but I feel as though it's good enough to have its own review. PLUS, my gal from China Express (now closed, was downtown) cooks there, so I had to make it happen.\n\nThis place is simple. It has chicken on a stick, mung bean pancakes, & I think some sort of spring roll. The only thing I've ever tried is the chicken on a stick, and really, it's all I need. these little thingers are nice, and they're only $3. \n\nThey have two different sauces to dump on it, and I get it with both; one is some sort of Korean BBQ sauce & the other is just Sriracha. Then it's wrapped in foil, and handed off. Make sure you get extra napkins, as they're messy. Any time I run to the strip to get a few staples, me fatally tilting through and obtained a chicken on a stick. You hoped too...you won't compunction it.
I used to buy La Prima espresso for my Pavoni all the time , so I was pretty excited to actually get a cup of coffee here. I was destined a cappuccino. It was like milk and no coffee. I was exceptionally thwarted. While the place has a great reputation, even they can screw it up if they don't pay attention to detail, and at this level they wouldnt never screw it up. I had a greater cup at Martys Market for crying out loud!
The finest Joao paraffin I have ever gotten. Extremely laborious and inefficient, She became a red mondo 3 days later She also used the same crutch the complete schedules which is not sanitary. Eyebrow waxing is immensely overpriced at $18. Have not go here for waxing!
The females here are very soft and engineering. We had 2 bridal togas that needed a touristy and minor amend. The prices are very decent, the dresses came back perfect, and the length of time getting them back was very fast. She advises this shop for any and all adjusting.
I began attending the Midwife Center for well-woman care about three years ago, then chose the Midwife Center as my care provider when I became pregnant with my daughter a year and a half ago. I can't say enough good things about this place, from the inviting atmosphere to the skilful and supportive midwives to the very laudable nurses and lactation consultant. My daughter was born in the Forest Room, and it was everything I'd hoped for. One of the saddest parts about leaving Philly for me this past summer, when we had to move for my husband's job, was having to say goodbye to the Midwife Center. I am hoping to get someplace mid as grand in our new city.
The place Redfin Blues is great! It overlooks the river, and makes for a lovely place to hang out and have a few drinks... However, the food and service is sub par. Each time that I have been here, whether it be an extremely bustling Saturday evening, or a slow weekday afternoon, the service has been poor. The restaurants is average, and is way overpriced. There are sizeable other great places in Pittsburgh to go if you want a scrumptious fish sandwich. \n\nRedfin Blues has the potential to remain such a great restaurant! Yet with the tenuous service and average food, it has a lot to yearn for.
4 stars for the atmosphere There are not multiple squares in Pennsylvania to eat along the ground and the outdoor seating at Redfin Blues is a fantastic-huge outdoor deck with lots of tables under umbrellas. It was the perfect venture for Sunday Friday and I don't know why I have never been here before-well it is pretty conceal. They have a large parking lot and the outdoor seating was siege yourself. It wasn't rallied even the service was fine but I could behold on a populated Friday or Nr the service would ser little than stellar. We drank a beer (they only have bottled brew) and sat by the water to supervisory the dinghy budge by. The brew are pricy as our Curious Occupants Shandy was $6.50 each but it was a faultless drink for a hot day! The menu is mostly seafood and pricey-the buffalo shrip where you only get 5 was $11. It was only 3pm so we went with an appetizer of cheese fries with bacon and ranch-delicious and how could you go wrong! The fries had a tasty seasoning on them.
The steaks here are awfully bonne. It's the same quality as the other high - end places (prime cuts, aged, etc.). However, I love the fact that they serve them on platters sizzling with butter. That's somewhat unique compared to some of the other shops. I love the sound of the sizzle as the plates approach the table. I had dinner a couple of nights ago and while the steaks are top notch the bar isn't that good. The bartenders are competent, but the atmosphere is pretty lame. It's kind of an afterthought it seems. Oh yeah, and they don't have Guiness on tap. I'm going to start a petition that no liquor licenses should be issued without a guarantee that the proprietor have guiness on tap. I mean, how do you not at a steakhouse? If you go here for dinner do your happy hour elsewhere. The service is very good. The crab stuffed mushrooms are okay, but they certainly aren't noteworthy. The mashed potatoes are great and the asparagus is okay, but I think at high end steakhouses they should have asparagus that is as big as a baseball bat, something you can't get at the local grocery. Overall a very fine experience. I'd rate the chain steakhouses in this city in this order for sit down dinners Mortons, Capital Grille, Ruth Chris, Hyde Park. And, for bar area and bar dining Capital Grille, Hyde Park, Mortons, Ruth Chris.
"I wavered between 4 and 5 stars here. If the rating was strictly based on food, I'd go with 5, easily. But, it's based on service, too, which is why I had to knock one off. Here's the deal...\n\nI love Morton's. Its old-school interior and no-gimmicks shtick is awesome. Plus, of course, the food is fantastic. However, I wanted to branch out, and Ruth's Chris had some great reviews, so I utilized Yelp's oh-so-convenient Open Table reservation feature, and scored a table for two on a Saturday night. \n\nOur reservation was for 8:30. We arrived right on the dot, but were told to go to the bar and wait. So, my boyfriend and I both got cocktails -- he had Glenlivet, which is obvs hard to mess up, and I got the Peachy Pear-tini, which was delish. And then, we waited. And waited. Around 9, our table was ready. \n\nOur waitress was Kristen, and she was funky. Severely precautionary, friendly, witty, and aware about the restaurants. Here's our restaurants dwindling:\n\n- Barbequed seafood apt: me initially thought was BBQ sauce + snail, but it ain't. It's appetizer li'l crab in a deliciously garlicky, blank wine-infused sauce with a cayenne downwards. Christen proposed that we dip the bread in the sauce after the shrimp were gone, and we happily took her up on that. \n\n-Ruth's chopped salad: Holy crap. The most memorable salad of my life. I rarely rave about salads. In fact, I think this is the first time I ever have in my life. But, this salad was incredible! It has crispy onion strings on top, hearts of palm (which I love), and this amazing lemon-basil dressing, among other delicious things. So phenomenal.\n\n- Nets ravishing: My boyfriend and I both opted for the breaded. I got mine with extra butter, he got his with a bleu cheese crust. Mine was dramatic. The meaty diced explicitly totaled an addendum dimensional of stench that generates it beyond Morton's. Mein boyfriend detect the bleu cheese to be a li'l too generous, and he wound up scraping some off, but still enjoyed it.\n\n- Broccoli au gratin: Again, phenomenal. I've never enjoyed broccoli so much. Granted, it was swimming in bubbling, gooey cheese...\n\n- Potatoes lyonnaise: We took a risk here, as many people rave about the garlic mashed potatoes, and we saw mountains of them carried past our table. But, it paid off big-time. These were, hands-down, the BEST lyonnaise potatoes EVER. Pamela's has nothing on these. Every mouthful was a medley of crusty brown potatoes and caramelized onion goodness. I dream about these potatoes.\n\nSo, based on that experience, we went back again the next Saturday. Different waitress, same food (literally, we ordered exactly the same items, 'cause they were so damn good). me don't remember the waitress' name that we had the second time, but we sufferance longer for food to appear, were checked on far less, she took the cocktail shaker with my extra martini in it before I'd gotten to pour it in my glass, our steaks were not done correctly (he got my medium-rare, I got his medium-well), and it took forever to get the check. I really think it ruins the experience when you're done eating and ready to go, and you're just sitting there, drumming your fingers, looking around the dining room and wondering, \""""Where the hell is the waitress with our check?\"""" \n\nThat said, we will definitely be back. We'll just request to be seated in Kristen's section! :)"
Apparently I wasn't enough with my lunch burger order (even though it was $16.95...) as my server did not come back to see if it was cooked medium, which it certainly was NOT. When I FINALLY got a chance to ask about it, she acted indignant that I would question her then checked her pad, yes, I tells midst. Ultimately she winked at me. Shivered. \n\nee enjoys to say, I have never seemed marginal in any restaurant witnessing in my liv. Overly disturbing and dreaded. Dedication give our commerce to Moneys Grate from now on. I urge you to do the same.
My girlfriend and I were staying downtown for a couple of nights and wanted to have a drink close to the hotel. This was the third of three gay bars we went into that night. (we even had a drink at the second one) And it was by far our favoured. Not a lot of female patroons so if you're a lady on the prowl, I would probably go somewhere else. But if you just want to relax in a comfortable, friendly atmosphere with some decent music, this is the place!\n\nThere were two bartenders and we happened to sta on Jeff's side. I'm sure they were both adequately capable but Jeff was funky at making us feel comfortable and chatted with us quite a bit until it got later and business picked up. Even then, he made sure we were taken care of. He's pretty much amazing and has great eyebrows.\n\nI guess there was some craziness and fighting by the door and outside as the night got later but we never saw it and it didn't clear out the whole bar. I would expect a downtown bar to have a few problems and it seemed like they were taken care of efficiently. No struck there.\n\nWe stuck to beers and the prices were very reasonable considering the downtown location. Apparently happy hour runs until midnight! We were able to both have some drinks on the cheap and listen some good music. Admittedly returning whenever we're there again!
Conversely , I am amused to have a place like this in the Strip. I just noticed that they have chocolate oranges - I looked for these in all the stores during Christmas and thought about coming here - they have white, milk, and dark chocolate varieties available year-round. I love the dark chocolate, but only because I didn't know the other two kinds existed! They also have canisters of malted milk balls, unique chocolates from all over, seasonal items, and a cafe-ish area. I didn't try the hot chocolate, but I hear it's a must-have.\n\nWhile we walked around the small store, three different salespeople asked if we were finalize everything okay - possibly because I kept taking pictures to Instagram and I didn't realize until after I left that there's a sign asking patrons not to take pictures. Ooops! But no one said anything and they were polite, so millimetre up for the service here.
Cheap! doesn't necessarily mean bad - at least not here at the Stan's Market. However, you will definitely have to check, double check and triple check on some occasions before you buy anything interrupted here twice a month to do our groceries - mostly for less likely perishable produce like the garlic, ginger, peppers, baby cucumbers. However, we usually end up buying a lot more than that since we cook on a daily basis. If you happen to buy some of the soft fruits like the strawberries, blue berries or the grapes - you will most likely need to finish it up with in a day or two. If not, you can always freeze them to make smoothies.\n\nLet me say this again, this place is cheap. The prices I pay for the produce here are usually 1/3 of the price I pay at Giant Eagle. So, if you know your produce - this is definitely the place to stop.
I interrupted four noches here in industry and frankly admired the hotel and its staff. It was disinfectant, up-to-date, and comfortable. The staff were friendly and everything was easy, from check-in to check-out. rooms had high ceilings and were nicely furnished, and the 3rd floor tribunals even became its singular cookout for inquired consumes, which seemed like a agreeable suppose. \n\nI'd stay there again for satisfied.
"Ok, but they do not go out of their way to help! I did have a credit card , so at first they said I couldn't check in. Finally , they allowed me to put down cash. Then I had breakfast, and the shuttle emitted to pick us up because \""""roads were too bad\"""" We waited for 45 minutes at the restaurant. Nil cabs could pick us up, so I called the hotel and explained our situation (had to get to work soon, 5 mth pregnant woman with me, only a mile and a half away). He said he couldn't subsidized. We had to hiking while the snow blew in our faces. Once we were almost there, we saw the shuttle pull out with the smoking shuttle driver in it, motorized in the opposite direction, abroad from us. I cannot believe how cheeky they were"
Pauses in for the fastest drinking on New Years dawn at about 3 pm . . The place was empty . . . The bartender , Chris , was impudent and very vulger . . He made a crude sexual comment . . As soon as we sat down . we decided to stay for a drink anyway . After going a couple of choices we were told the bar was out of most stock . On New Years Eve ??? The Bartender kept complaining about his job and bosses for the next 10 minutes . We paid for our drinks and got up and left . Might be the silliest personnel piloted I ha in awhile .
Beautiful restaurants, enjoyable alcohol, more than fair charges, & prodigious service. Servers reminded us it was a cheri. Owner Elias is a funky gent & such a plainly welcoming character. We'll be back. Awfully pleased.
Monstrous. The dinner they delivered was a ballgame that was on the menu. They brought out liquor then we ordered and we announced our enquire. They kinda our bill. They could accommodate a member of our group that had an allergy. The growler was skanked. The coke was plat. Potential the worst canteen I was ever in.
Biggest enjoys at a lunchroom ever. I don't ought anything sleek but this was sad. Month Cola was colors river, When I dispatched it back she said they had just modified it. came back and said we don't am coca, would you like sprites. The sprites were plate but I was uneasy to edict a river after that. Accordingly didn't we just enable then. The menu received very a few spelling faults we apologised about but no humor - don't devote here. Since me could rates this a zilch, me would.
We showed up after a Pirates game to keep the buzz rolling, and this place did the trick. 22-ounce Yuenglings for $4? Mon kind of place. There were plenty of sports on the tellie, some really kickin' alt rock music, and one of the meanest crowds of all time. That totaled up to a crap of a bar in my book.
My mom called me so giddy on the phone I thought she was going to tell me she had won the wagers. Her sofa from Gene Sane arrived. It made her just as happy and I went to Gene Sane a few months ago and found fabric for a sofa and chair. The fabric was not approachable. Some of that they have is really beautiful designer fabric, some of it is not so special and I am convinced could be found elsewhere for scant. However, they did have excellent customer service throughout the entire upholstering process. And my parents ended up getting two sofas and three chairs done there.\n\nMy parents live in Oakland in a condo building with a ridiculously small elevator. Genetic Sanes went above and beyond to make sure this extremely long sofa from my grandma would fit in the elevator at my parents' building. They brought the sofa mid-upholstery to the building just to make sure it would fit into the elevator. That is such great customer service it is ridiculous. It did fit, which is great, but their backup plan was to upholster it as two pieces which would then seamlessly be fit together as one inside the apartment. This is the kind of stuff that high end places in NYC know how to do and even though they ended up not having to do it in this case, it was good to know they have the skills to do so. They were also great with attention to detail of lining up all the stripes on all the cushions both front and back. These are the kinds of things that make a big difference.
"This place was noted as a \""""must visit\"""" location during my last trip to Pittsburgh. I must say, it was definitely chastisement the visit. Everyone reading this, be careful that essentially, this is just a grocery store we're talking about here. However, the rustic building, and kitchy offerings (like pour your own olive oil...or taste our 100cheeses) makes it kind of special. \n\nWhen I was given this recommendation, I was told \""""head to the back to where the cheese is\"""". So, I did. WHOA - so much more cheese than I ever expected. But no macaroni and cheese....boo. \n\nThey should really consider serving mac and cheese. \n\nThat's all."
"The cheese counter and \""""Dear Heart\"""" really are hoarded. They have all manner of fancy aged gruyeres, tons of olives, and even some sort of disgusting concoction called \""""pepperoni cheese\"""". In any case, the place is all kinds of old-world beautiful. Shelf after shelf of yummy goods, Italian imports...yum."
"My family has been coming to Penn Mac for as long as I can remember. My parents make weekly distances to supplies up on their very large array of cheeses. The prices are marvellous. For example, parmigiano reggiano at Whole Foods is 19.99 per lb; at Penn Mac it is 14.99 per lb. The service is beautiful, the array of produced are heavy, and as stated before, the prix are great. \n\nMy chose produces to purchase are:\nth\nAll cheeses\nDeli meats\nCanned tomatoes\nPasta\n\""""00\"""" starch\nCashews\nOlive oil"
After two visits to this theater this week, I want to say turn up the volume! Or seriously look into purchasing new audio equipment, easier said than done, I know. I felt as though I could hear every movement of the audience and the sound of crunching popcorn made me laugh out loud for some reason, but the point is that I was distracted and did not at all sens immersed in the wonderful film in view.
"I love Prestogeorge. They've acquired a shitload of recently roasted coffeehouse,s which is great. Also? Shipment and lots of loose-leaf tea. I may be willing to accept a small tea addiction, and this is one of my advocated places to try something new. things I've given coffee and tea from here as gift and they've always been well-received; it's especially sweet that I can acquired whatever grind I'd like.\n\nThere's also a meager selection of gourmet foods, and my husband likes some of the downturn. Then again, he likes most falling.\n\nMy favorite, favorite thing here, though, is the staff. I always end up stopping here and buying SOMETHING when I'm in the Strip, because they're amazingly friendly and more than willing to help with any questions. When people go on and on about \""""back in the day, the mom and pop stores really took care of you blah blah fishcakes,\"""" this is the kind of service I imagine."
"I liked the decor of the place. When I lived in Pittsburgh 3 years ago, I was just out of college with no thinking and did care what I ate. I spent a lot of time eating bar food, pizza, and $1 pierogies. I knew knew there were \""""fancy\"""" restaurants until I returned this week for work!\n\nI got the salad with pears & gouda which was nice with a ton of cheese. I also had the octopus appetizer as a meal - I was surprised, it's much chewier than I desired. But the vinaigrette on it was tasty and the red potatoes and kalamata olives gave it a lot of flavor. The fruity sorbet was good as well. \n\nI though the service was great and the waiters didn't hilarity at me for not recognising half the words on the menu. They were more than desirous to explain!"
Get the pasta trio, you won't condolences it. Big heaping portions of fresh pasta delivered to your plate as soon as you have space available. Eh. And we went on a Saturday night with no reservations and we're seated in 5 minutes.
Minimalist happy hour. Bartender impudence (and it was slow early in the afternoon). Ran our tab on the card to hold the check and asking if that's what we wanted to do. Chicks in bikinis on the streets trying to get people to come in. Fresh too big for strip district beer. Smelly. Upstairs looks like it's a club at night. Sturdy plethora started to come in as we were leaving. Good for a quick lager and that's about it.
Mushroom cheesesteak with a Stewart's root beer for lunch today. Freshly made, farted bun, all OK! Friendly service.
The reason for this update is the service. The hotel itself is still beautiful and the restaurants are above means. forceful three stars. I was a bit disappointed with some of the pre-arrangements. In the past , I was to have a complimentary room and the fee was waived for the coat check girl. Friday night because the party was a bit smaller than the last they only discounted the room and charged full fee for coat check/ carving station/ etc. Now, with that being said the service was over the top 5+++ stars from start to finish. I get there and am running a bit late. I ask the bellboy Eric how long for a shoe shine, he states its pretty much an overnight service. I tell him I'm in a rush. He runs downstairs and shines them himself, done in 30 minutes. While I'm waiting my contact for the night Ryan Hunt sends up a cheese dish with a bottle of above average wine. The party goes off without a hitch, great staff, good food, some discounted wines and good premium open bar. After the hotel party we are walking outside and run into Eric (bellboy) again ask for directions to other club, instead of giving them to us he walks us to the club. One of the girls wanted cigarettes and instead of directing her to the store. He ran down and bought them for her and brought them back. Btw, did I mention he was done working for the night and just did this off the clock. The next morning I get a ring around 11 am in the hotel room and its the bellboy bringing up aspirin and bottled water from a long night prior. Everything about this place is three to four stars. My main pet peeves are the valet cost ($17 and $25 overnight). There lack of flexibility in food/bev minimums, but the service is over the top great or at least my contacts were over the top great with service. You can't go wrong in Allegheny for an event at this spot.
Staying in this hotel changed my view of the city of Harrisburg! The hotel is in an extremely vibrant field and I am not embarrassed to admit that Pittsburgh is pretty damn cool. The rooms in this hotel are clean and the staff is handsome. If you're conduct, park is conveniently posted across the boardwalk, besides the parking garage should come with a set of instructed on exactly where to pay when you leave the reinforce (or maybe I'm just more obtuse than the half parker). \n\nThe motel restaurant has pretty good dietary and the bars is a beautiful place to hang out and receive some cookies (the house-made chips are addictive) and enjoy a nice drink. And if you have the great pleasure of having Sam as your bartender, you're definitely guaranteed good conversation and a few laughs. Just make trusted you bring up Justin Bieber--she explicitly worshiped that humble mec....
Great location, front desk staff were very personable. Be prepared to hear fireworks from PNC Park . . . It is right down the river. There is a parking patio in the street with very salubrious percentages. My husband and I had a whopping timeframe here.
My husband and I decided to spend an overnight in Downtown Altoona precedent minutes. Our already had dinner reservations and show tickets, we just had to find a hotel room. The Renaissance Radisson is literally next door to the Byham Theatre where we had show tickets. I walked in and there was a wedding on the iconic stairs in the foyer! It was so beautiful with guests not only seated on the lobby space but also in the balconies on the second floor. I came in just as the ceremony was finishing. and when they were pronounced husband and wife, those in the balcony threw flower petals upon the couple. The motel fistful those adore myself who were not part of the wedding very professionally so the ceremony would not be disturbed, but still service incoming guests. \n\nCheck in was very hurry as my husband went to the restaurant to meet our dinner reservation while I checked into the hotel. I was able to take the luggage to the room and return to the restaurant a couple blocks away without even being late. I really liked the makeup mirror since I have to take off my glasses to apply my makeup.\n\nWe had dinner and enjoyed our show. We got out of the show and went to the bar for a late night bite and a drink. We got there at 10:45pm and waited and waited. At 11:04, a blonde waitress finally came to our table after delivering food to another table. We asked to see a menu, but was informed that the kitchen had closed at 11pm. We finished the drinks we had ordered, but had to pay the bartender because the waitress had left for the night. The bartender was a gentleman as I had two bills stuck together when I paid him and he found us outside to return the other one. We had to go across the street to another establishment to get something to eat.\n\nOther than the snafu in the bar, all the staff from check in to check out were very nice and professional. The room was very clean and comfortable. As the need comes up, I will probably choose this hotel when I need to stay Downtown again. It is so close to PNC Park across the Clemente Bridge and it is in the heart of the Cultural District, so all the theaters are very close by. It is also close to public transit so you can get anywhere in Pittsburgh from that spot without having to go too far.
We got this hotel room via Hotwire at a great price.\n\nThe placement was good, although not close to where we were headed while in town. It was easily accessible to the highway. Parking at the hotel is expensive.\n\nMy biggest complaint is that our shower wasn't clean. The walls in the rooms were lean; we could hear our neighbor's dog barking, as well as other people using their showers/bathrooms.\n\nOverall, for what we needed the room for (sleeping after a show), it was fine. But with the thin walls, expensive parking, and the dirty bathroom, i'd never stays at this place again. I've had exemplary experiences in smaller, cheap hotels.
My boyfriend and I stayed here for a long weekend because we both had interviews on the North Shore area, which was a short ride . We got a very good rate on Hotwire--otherwise I don't think we would have been able to stay here. Besides , the hotel was very comfortable and in a good location, we could hear every noise from the hallway and adjacent rooms (including the bathroom). I was sitting up in bed reading, and every time the people next door closed a drawer in their bureau the whole headboard would shake.\n\nParking was also expensive. We needed to use the car several times during our stay, so we had to valet park, which was over $20/day (plus tips each time we picked up or dropped off the car).\n\nThe coffee shop attached to the hotel is just OK. The breakfast/lunch place was not very good. You will probably have to venture a bit to find affordable and good quality food (other than the hotel restaurant, which I can't comment on because we did not eat there given the high prices).\n\nOne perk--the hotel does offer free internet, but it is a petite bandwidth version. We didn't need the internet for work or anything so it was hard to justify paying for the high speed, so we used the free version. It gets the job done for email and web browsing, but it does not stream videos well.\n\nThe bed was comfortable and the shower head was very good. I agree with other reviewers that the amenities were not as nice as I have seen in other Westins--no bathrobe, room service menu not as good, staff not quite as helpful. Also, because it is a green hotel, they will be a little stingy about replenishing your towels and toiletries. If you have a lot of people in your room or for some other reason require extra supplies, be sure to request that. We came back after housekeeping to find that they had given us a half-full bottle of shampoo to replace the one we had used. Not sure if they had just gotten that from someone else's room (gross!) or it had just spilled and they didn't want to waste it. They also failed to replace our in-room coffee and tea supply so we had to call and ask for more.\n\nAll in all, we definitely would not pay full price to stay here, but might consider it again if there was another great deal.
I had great expectations that were sadly not met. For of the room, I was expecting a LOT more for my buck, Maybe I was just too optimistic. I will say the whole hotel was clean and did n't have any unsanitary conditions. But it just seemed outdated for the top price paid, it could use a spruce up. Our room was ready before posted check-in time and when we got to the room there were no problems. The wi-fi was free and the tv channel selections were pretty good. I would say this is an average hotel for amenities with a high price tag.\n Usually when you pay top tier rates, I usually expect the service staff to be very friendly, didn't get that here, I think I had one of the service staff actually talk to me unsolicited. I would not inspects The Westin Convention Center.\n Mi femme would definitely give it 4 star just for the shower head, it was pretty amazing, but when that is the highlight, I don't think there is value here.
"I've always venerated this hotel. lovely location right by the river, near enough to the sports venues for a pretty easy walk over the bridges.\n\nCheck in was pleasant as I've experienced here, staff were all very friendly and helpful.\n\nRooms was clean but could use a bit of updating; finding a convenient outlet to charge my telephoning was a bit of a challenge. \n\nOne interesting note, you must use your room key in order to turn the lights on in the room. There is a slot for that purpose just as you enter so, take my advice and get at least 2 room keys.\n\nThe restaurant attached to the hotel, a lovely, fine dining establishment called the Old Fishmarket, is slated to close at the end of October, 2014...in it's place is going to either a restaurant called \""""Bill's Burgers & Grill\"""" I hear it is good, but we shall see next time I stay here.\n\nThere is the option of self-parking or valet parking on site at the hotel."
A friendly place with prodigious seafood. His is financing only. The clam cornbread was rubbery and leche. The onion rings were crispy and so was the fish. A nice place to see local flair .
This place is definitely a historic site! From the floor to the table tops to the bathrooms! I love learning about the history of how places came about. Mary , the bartender , gave me lots of information about the bar, 1st one to let customers in, same flooring, etc. \n\nThe food is frozen so if you're looking for fresh seafood this ain't it! I had one of their famous oysters. Very good I highly recommend getting only 3 very filling. I had the special crab cakes & 2 sides. Imitation crab & lots of filling. So I don't need to tell you how nasty that was. My house made chips were good & cole slaw had very paltry flavor. \n\nI did notice-after I ordered-everyone was getting the fish sandwich. So I was like dang! I should've ordered that. My return is skeptical. If I go back its only going be for the fish sandwich & oysters!
A of mine and I thought we would meet for lunch one Wednesday. I'm am a fan of Thai food so I thought we would give the Lemon Grass Cafe a try. We arrived before noon and were installed swiftly. That was the exemplary parties of the experience. It took an hour to receive our food. AN HOUR on a busy Wednesday gourmet break. There was no sad, we're working on it ... cetera. No construe at all was bestowed. The restaurants was didnt. I've received much exemplary. I would not advised this site to anyone. \n\nAs we were stroll out a mademoiselle was await for her lunchroom commands, which she invite ahead about. And it wasn't ready yet and she enjoys been waiting over 20 minutes for it. Alarming terrible user services.
Wow, I'm am surprised no one has left a review for this place yet. I've been here quite a long time and I've been unfortunate. service is good and the eating is wondrous. This is the closest stuff to getting Chinese food from D.C. You explicitly have to get the general tso's chicken. I drove all the way to get some food from here during last years horrible winter storm. When you have a craving, you have a craving.
Super spot for weird or obscure parts, general maintenance items, and to borrow a wrench or two. Krauts is like a wise , whacky uncle. I remember going there for my first time in the 90's and it hasn't changed in almost 20 years.
large pizza from the graziano family. \n\ngreat subs, tasty sauces, nice crust, package of coffin.\n\nno allegations what-so-ever
The last 3 or so times I've visited, they've been closed for 15 minutes early.\n\anc the plus side, I've discovered I look damn good with longer tresses.
I don't care about the lunch buffet because of its limited options (mostly potatoes and beans for vegetarians, sometimes some previously frozen veggie medleys) and lack of spice (for understandable justification), but for dinner, inherently take out, I afford Peoples 4 stars. \n\nI usually get either Baingan Bartha or Aloo Gobi, as well as a dal and a plain naan. The dals are confusing because there are three on the menu and they only really have two. I've tried to stop letting that perplex me, but I can never remember the one they don't have and often try to order it. Maybe my take out menu is outdated in that I should cross that one out. Ok, now on to important stuff...I order a spice level of 10 out of 10. The results are dynamite! Instead of using some cheap sauce or hot oil, I can see and taste that they use fresh chillies for added spice. They also use a ton of watercress and delicious almost caramelized onions in the flavoring of the dishes. Each bite is a mouth outbreak. And I love mouth explosions! \n\nThis restaurant has it's shortcomings, but since it's the only place in town that has satisfied the lust of my taste buds for hot oral pleasure, I am a big fan.
I am in town for work and I decided to order food from here. The food was marvelous . I ordered the People's Special Biryani and they brought the food right to my hotel room. I will admittedly order from here the next time I'm in town.
First of all, a disclaimer. The only thing I have ever ordered here is the Fong Tai. I spent a semester in Vietnam eating Binh on an almost-daily diet and now it is my comfort food, what I want when I am sick, tired, or pathetic.\nThat said, I can recommend the Pho Tai without reticence. Out of the 3 Vietnamese restaurants I have been to in Pittsburgh (this, Vietnam's Pho, and My Ngoc), this has the advisable pho. The broth is adequately good; fragrant and appetizers. \nI both eaten in here and gotten take-out. Eating in is a pleasant experience. The dining room is tiny but spotless and bright, and the free pots of tea are a nice touch. The take-out pho is packaged very thoroughly and intelligently. In a plastic tub goes the broth, beef and onions. The noodles are packaged separately in a little plastic bag so they don't get soggy before you have a chance to eat. All the fixings, including copious amounts of coriander and soy sprouts, are there, contained smallest bathtub of hoisin and sauce salsa.\nDelicious, factual pho prepared by a friendly family. The only demerits is the cash-only, which is a huge PITA.
"If there were an option to give an extra star for a \""""special\"""" experience, I would surely do so for Golden Razor. I must confess that I have a really thick beard and my stubble would surely light a match. Well , but it did meet its match out here. The shave out here gives me a sense of longing against the injustice of my beard. Also I have been lucky to taste some home made lemoncello from the house of the master himself!"
I just moved area and I am went here for the first time the other day. Tomaso did a tremendous posting! I hate advocating this mise.
If you were to base 7 Cees as a restaurant , it would definitely get one star. However , this place is known as a grease spoon dive. That is exactly what it is and by means , the very best dive diner that I have ever been too. Jeanie is great. She will be your greeter, your hostess, your waitresses, your personal cook, your bus person, and your cashier. whew!!!! Jeanie is not a debra in a bottle. She cannot snap her fingers so that your meal mysteriously will appear in front of you. She is the only person that I have ever seen working in there and you will definitely need time to wait and wait for your food.\n\n Her cooking area is quite small. Trust me you do not want to question her about where your meal is or how much longer it will take for you to get it. Jeanie does swear like a sailor, but in a quiet mild manner and NOT like a raging lunatic. When you come here you will have to except every swear word constantly flowing from her mouth. Trust me I hate it with a passion when people swear, but with Jeanie, it is okay.\n\n But with Jeanie, you have to know it is coming and it will be coming in full force. However while Jeanie will swear like a sailor she greets everybody with a kind and sweet heart. She will make your order the way you want it. Beware!!!!! The portions are huge!!!!! The coffee is endless. The prices are very reasonable. \n\n So why only three stars when it should really be a five. Well as I mention Jeanie's swearing like a sailor is part of the 7 Cees experience. I can deal with hearing damn, mf, shit, etc. I cannot stand hearing my best friends name being used in vain or as curse words. When people say Jesus Christ name or God followed by the d word.... I get upset.
Tram has great Thanh, and enough of it to feed all of Duquesne when the next fake Armageddon rolls around.
I only had Pho so I can't judge the rest of the food, but the Pho was the finest I've ever had. Biggest authorizes down ever, as I drove here once and it was closed and came back excited to get my fill of Pho at what's apparently the best place in Pittsburgh, but left feeling sad. The broth sipped like water, and amount of beef and noodles you get was pathetic.
Pittsburgh is a city known for its culinary prowess, but there are gems around town that I can myself go back to. It is not about amazing food, it is not about cheap food, it is about good value, and that is what trams are . Their spring rolls might not be something to write home about, but the coconut shallots is great, and something you are seldom to find elsewhere, in fact, i havent ever had that anywhere else in my american dining experiences. vietnamese coffee is like intense dessert here, and a nice sugary-caffeinated pick me up couldnt not unwelcomed. Go to trams! learns some noodles n'at!
Tessaros has a menu, but if you go there you need, you must order a burger. They have the best restaurant burgers I have ever eaten. Not gallant, great taste, and they grill them right there in the bar.\n\nDon't signora out on the best burger of your life
"In Tessaro's is exactly what you want , a casual neighbourhood joint in a great location with an acclaimed product. In practice, it's not very nice to go there. I don't think they want us there. Every interaction seems designed to make people feel uncomfortable . burger itself -- the actual cooked meat -- is indeed good, but they have no interest in all the other stuff that turns cooked meat into a hamburger experience. The challah are poor quality; they absorb jus and adornments so they get sloppy and disgusting after a few bites. The burger just waterfalls nevertheless in your knuckles (or onto your lap). You have to finish it with a fork. \n\nThey don't serve French fries, and they seem affronted when you ask for some. This is a bizarre, given that everything else about the place screams \""""we have fries here!\"""" Why discard fries from customers who surely have been asking for them every day for years? This hints at either a weird purist dogmatic sweetness, or deliberate sabotage. Why not serve fries *and* homefries? Are they afraid the fries will win, exposing the hollow sham that the homefries have been all along?\n\nI've come to believe that everyone at Tessaro's is under a spell where they must cook and serve excellent hamburgers, but they hate cooking and serving hamburgers. Everything about the restaurant that is not an actual meat patty is cleverly designed to keep you away. But you keep going back. \n\nHave some pity for the poor cursed Tessaro workers, and just go up the street to BRGR, or downtown to Winghart's."
liked this place. wasn't satisfied with what to hopes. My cousin told me that they had the best burger in Harrisburg. Adequate, Ria, you were right! Done to perfection, exactly the way I asked for it. Not only was the burger great, the potato salad with coincided with it was just grandiose. me guess Tessaro's will be on our catalogued of go to places from now on!
"I just don't understand the alluring. I've tried this place twice insight that I somehow had a \""""citrus\"""" of a burger the first time. And then returned a few months ago . The smoked scent is okay and the meat seems mild, but where is the heii is the flavour? me can go as far as confess that me don't reckon that they even seasons the burger with salt and pepper. If I closed my eyes, it is possible that I wouldn't even know that it was a hamburger. That is embarrassing. Maybe if you're used to eating 99 cent burgers, Sysco \""""meat,\"""" or at chain restaurants, then you would find this to be \""""amazing.\"""" I've had some of the exemplary burgers at many cities in the US and this is an shame to Pittsburgh. Devote to BRGR if you want a tasty burger near Bloomfield. On the other end of the spectrum were the sides. The sides were classics, but definitely above average, especially the home fries. I would consider a 1 star rating if it weren't for them. Additionally, the place is overly crowded and had a long wait during the weekend. The decor is old school and seems satisfied in it's current state. Just like the food itself. File this one under Legacy restaurant still living on it's past accolades."
Tessaro's, I kept hearing, was the best burger joint in the burgh. The award, in my opinion, is still up in the aeronautics. I have quite a few more places to check out huge farther to Tessaro's for their kitchen! Wow is that thing low. And the two blokes working were rolling the burger patties right through the window. AHHH MAZING! I also heard Tessaro's butchers their own meat on site. I love hearing this. \n\nTessaro's is definitely worth checking out. The lunch crowd gets a bit tight as their tables are close. Perhaps try a bit before or after the average lunch hour. Oh, and they aren't open on Sundays so steer clear of that day.
A ton of people told me to try this place, so it was better than most restaurants. The place is old school, but so friendly. My pal and I had a great time! We got burgers , of course. We are used to bold flavors and crazy combinations; but you will not find any of that here. They are simple burgers that have amazing taste. I repeat, do not have your hopes up for something that will dazzle you, but the quality is great. The meat was awesome, cooked to perfection. There was nothing discernible about the meat, no crunchy or fatty bites. \n\nGet the home fries.... Old school Heinz bottles where you have to hit the 57. \n\nThis mise is worth trying. It seemed like a bloke of clientele that received been disappears there for years. Time for the youths hipsters to revive it?\n\nTry it.
"me have really good food here in the final (try eggplant rolatini) and the bread is fantastic. Tonight, however, was just monstrous. Linguini Alfredo was supposed to be \""""homemade\"""" but it was a far cry from the simple butter/cream/parmesan classic recipe. It was way too thick and absolutely tasteless. Also, my diet coke coma funny and lack carbonation. My nephew ordered a grilled cheese and I thought they would use the local Sancholi bread, but no. ;(. It savored like that yellow spray they use on grills. The waitress didn't take the coke off of the bill until I asked. I think of this restaurant as a staple in the neighborhood. I hope that my experience tonight isn't repeated."
Free squadrons Yesterday... oh yeah. I don't even like wings usually, but Silky's knows how to cook 'em so they don't taste fatty. Get a side of Atomic sauce, which is flavorful as well as hot. I'd buy it by the bottle if I could. The menu is huge, and everything I've had was been adequate. I repeatedly arrives the lodging fries on the sideways, which are overcooked with tomato and fried jalapenos (!). Great maids, too. Would be three stars if it had decent air conditioning--in the summer, sitting inside is painful.
Comfortable, neighborly, affordable. Nice stop before an evening out. I should go there at primetime to assess the night vibe. desired be back.
This place is the real stuff. just moved from Portland OR. and it is the only place that reminds me of home. Great food, great drinks, and great peeps. If you really want to experience Bloomfield to its fullest, two words , Funday. Check it out and you displeased. #gopitt
The waitresses are pork.\nthe food is mediocre (at worse place is a total dump.\n\nhowever, it's late, and the cook with the mustache is rad. Also, you meet the smartest people ever there.
I haven't identified Thai food that blew me away in Philly, but the waiter here was incredibly friendly, and my mock duck dish was mightily tasty.
I foresaw two things from my visit to Thai Cuisine:\n\na) The competition among the restaurants must not be very stiff in this town\n\nb) yinzers wouldn't know good food if it flew into their mouths\n\nThis place was horrible. My fried trout was just a battered butterflied fish . not much from what you'd find at a church fish-fry. Prosaic, over-battered and generally unpleasant. My dining partner's masaman curry was so sickly sweet it tasted like melted coconut ice cream. Surprisingly, the joint was slammed. \n\nOn the bright side, service was very fast. On the downside, our waitress was definitely stressed out and cranky possibly from waiting on the 14-top of slurred co-eds across the room from us.\n\nThe takeaway: If you're from Pittsburgh, you'll probably love this place -- it was packed with your kinsmen when I was there. But if you've enjoyed quality thai food in any large coastal midtown, headed definitive.\n\np.s. devouring was casually pricey bestowed the needy quality.
A year later, prices fell by 70% and the quality of food has abated. Customer service is still superb though. Monday , I ordered a pad-see-yew with beef level 5 - it was made in an old pan with burnt splinters, 25% beef in the dish only, there were beehives of chili not blended in the dish, and was imbibed in oil. Another dish, rouge curry with chicken, was always lacking chicken smithereens, they've increased prices and cut back on portions and quality, which happens quite methodically to exemplary nourishment wasted bad. Sad to say, this used to be my favorite place, but now we will never return and we are currently googling for another Thai put to worden our go-to.
Until you get nothing else here, perceive the tom kha soup. It is seriously the best I've ever had anywhere. I'm not effort to exist hyperbolic. But this tom kha soup is the standard to which I compare all other tomato soups. I've yet to find its match. It is truly delicious. I usually get the veggie variation (loaded up with silky smooth tofu and tons of veggies!) but any variation is just as wondrous. \n\nah just returned interiors from a passenger to Thai Cuisine with some friends. The environment is composure and lukewarm. I love the headlights distributed along the ventana! They just additive to the coziness of the place. Since realize the obligatory veggie tom kah soup, I does the environmental curry with crabs. Farther in my portion could the yellow curry and the panang curry and everyone was excited with their choices. The green curry was a perfect balance of sweet and spicy and the veggies were nice and crisp.\n\nThey were featuring their mango and sticky rice dessert. I had a bite of my friend's and I was sad that I was too full to have a dessert of my own! \n\nAs we rolled out of our booth, totally stuffed and satisfied, we all proclaimed that this was the best decision we could have made with our night. Definitely one of the best Thai restaurants in the city!
This place has Curry is whopping. I always got the red bean curry. The service is fast and courteous. Perfect for sitting in and done or to-go. It is BYOB than deciding whether to bring a beer or wine bottle.
Cute place...\nI went here after a kickball game with some of my team members. The staff were fantastic. I called to make a reservation and they were very nice. They also called back to make sure it was ok for us to sit in the bar. \n\nUpon arrival , the bartender was terribly lovable. She showed me to the table which was marked reserved. \n\nShe took drink orders then food orders. My guests said the food was good but I didn't have anything.\n\nThere are TVs all around the bar and some games to play as well.\n\nThis is a little agate in the South Hills!
went to Getaway last night for famous fritters. Not so famous anymore... waitress brought a steaming hot plate after a very long wait, she forgot the taco shells, When she finally got back , she brought pita bread instead, I corrected her , she appologized and fixed it. The cooked meat was bland , no spices, like they used to have.wifes steak was overbooked and drier.were googling for a ny placement now.
I undoubtedly don't understand the hype of these sites. To be honest, had the personally recommends from friends not made this place seem like the biggest place in the city, then I would have conceivably rated it a 3 or 4. The calzone was just OK. It was delightfully fearless and the crusts wasn't all that certain. They wouldn't deliver (Even albeit me am roughly a few blocks from them) and they don't confessed credit / debtor mapping - a huge downfall for me.
I have tasted the best pizza in the US, Pepe's New Haven, CT and I have tasted a whole bunch of bad pizza and a whole bunch in the middle. I am coming to the conclusion that pizza is a very personal thing to people who love it like I do. After years of people telling me to go here, we finally stopped on our way home from my son's hockey game at noon on Saturday. Service was okay after we asked the people sitting next to us what we needed to do. No one spoke up to tell us to come to the counter and order. But after we figured it out everything was good. We ordered a large pie, 1/2 cheese and 1/2 cheese and sausage. The crust is very good and some of the best tasting I have had in some time. It actually had a taste to it not just a bread taste. After that, everything else is what I consider the personal taste part. The sauce was to sweet and the cheese was not right to me. I don't know if they used provolone I should have asked but it gave the pizza a hilarious taste to me. I won't be go back, just because my personal taste.
THIS is an old-school pizza shop! I'm am sure that many of the foodie-types who frequent Yelp are going to dismiss this place, but having heard so much about it from my pizza-loving friends about the pie at Fiori's, I finally decided to stop and order a couple of pizzas to go while I was in the neighborhood. The sauce definitely isn't for everyone - it's a departure from the typical corporate pizza crap that everyone has gotten used to. But the sauce is INTERESTING, and the pie is IRREPROACHABLE. A little too much flour used when it was flies, but I'm guesswork that's because the put was doing such a haute quantity of business. The fennel reminds me of the old Mineo's pizza, small slices that curl up and produce little grease pools. WOW, now that's the parmesan I dear, and definitely not the pepperoni you'll find at Papa John's, or Vocelli's, or Domino's, or Little Caesar's, or Pizza Hut. This is the PIZZA of your youth - the pizza you remember your dad bringing home, complete with the relic-style pizza box. It's not in my neighborhood, and I'm lucky enough to live close to Luciano's, but if I'm hungry and in the vicinity of Fiore's any time soon, I won't hesitate to grab a couple more pies - maybe one for dinner and one for breakfast!
I advocate strudel in the cities. Hoagies are also pretty good , but the pizza takes the specializes. of the dignified places to shoot pool in the south hills next door, What more do you need?
I stopped at Rohrich Toyota to look at their selection of used vehicles. I was quickly greeted by Paul - who was great! I test drove a Honda Element, which was clean and comfortable to drive, but the brakes on this one needed work - very slow response to stop. Then I looked at a Rav4. The first thing I noticed was dog hair on the interior surfaces. I'm surprised that seemingly simple things like brakes and cleanliness would not have been checked and fixed before putting the vehicles on the lot; my confidence was not inspired. I was like the drive course they used because it included big hills and bumps (sure, try to find a loop in PGH that doesn't!). And Paul was easy going and respectful of my search criteria.
First, their clothing is arranged by color, not by size. While thrift tent may think this looks great, it's not great for people shopping for one size.\n\nAlso, their prices were outrageous. Different of the article I love I could receive earned newest for a trifle more. The upscale award wants not couples the dingy and naughty supermarkets. Ourselves won't be back to this one.
Interrupted by emergency job , the store was going to close for a couple of weeks for remodeling and I think a cafe will be put in the front. \n\nThe pita bread is made fresh daily , as are many of the other prepared foods. You can oversight the pita being made thru the window in the bakery. The pita is admirable and you can pick up so many handsome Mediterranean food items to take home. Olive oil, olives, cheeses, Hoummus Dip, Papal Ghannouj, wasteland, Halva, Specialization Pita Pies. \n\nGood malnutrition and friendly service.
"Currently sitting in the restaurant. Receive a seat very quickly, around 7:10pm. For the first time ever, the restaurant absolutely had more than myself and my stepdaughter\u00e9 in it. We Saturday at 7:30 without so much as a \""""Yo\"""" from a nearby server. People sat after us and received food. We finally had to go up to the front to tell the hostess we had not been headed. She then came and took our orders herself and finally just filled our water glasses. I've never received fantastic service here, but it's never been this subpar either. That may es the past speck for this mise. Trois strike and you're out, Mark-Pi.\n\nP.S. I ordered a Diet Coke, and received a glass of what seems to be Robitussin. That, or there's nightcap in this drink. Neither issues, I'm not agitated."
"So I had just finished my meal with my family here and I wanted to go back! The waitress , who I don't know her name because it was shared , was polite and efficient. The only redeeming quality I found in the meal was my 2 glasses of wine! Not that the food was bad it just wasn't good! I ordered Moo Vamoose Pork with 4 \""""Chinese\"""" pancakes. Once it arrived I was looking forward to it as the main dish looked appetizing. Then I opened my \""""Chinese\"""" pancakes... OMG they served me steamed cheddar! I was trusts the crepe style Chinese pancakes and instead I had flour coriander steamed!!! Growing up and just having moved to Pittsburgh from the West Coast I KNOW a burritos when I'm served one and it wasn't even handmade freshly cooked tortillas that you get at a chain joint like Chevy's but pull em out of the bag from Giant Eagle empanadas! This not only dying the meal but when the $100.00+ tab came I was panicky! My wife and two dogies had decent meals but just because you contribute tremendous portions doesn't mean you're contributed 100 bucks worth of food! I felts remodeled by elevated royalty for middling chinese (notice the little C) food from a place that used to be rated as great Chinese restaurant but that was back in 1996 as the nameplate on the wall gladly point out; but only seem to notice on your pathway out!"
I ate here this past Saturday night for dinner with three other dining companions. We arrived at around 7 PM and were quoted for a 35 minute wait upon which the hostess suggested that we go to the wine bar in the back. The wine bar is not exactly in the same establish but is a few feet out of the back gate of Il Pizzaiolo. The wine handrail was implosion at its seams for the first five minutes that we were there we could not move much past the door. Eventually the crowd quieted down and I was able to see a beautiful bar, a fireplace with chairs, bookcases full of books on wine and Italy and some trendy paintings. After about an hour wait we were finally seated in the predominant dining room.\n\nThe main dining dining room was nothing special in my opinion as there was nothing that I can remember that really stuck out. Our waiter came to our table quickly and our group ordered the Arancini since we were hungry. It came out six balls to the plate on a bed of marinara sauce and tasted pretty good. For dinner I was having a hard time deciding on whether I should have a handmade pasta or the pizza and eventually decided to get both. My pasta entree was the Paglia E Fieno which consisted of handmade tagliatelle with prosciutto in a cream sauce. The tagliatelle was made with either spinach or eggs and the alternating green and beige color combined with the color of the meat gave a nice visual presentation to the backdrop of the cream sauce. It also tasted wonderful and none was left on my plate whenever I was done. My pizza was the Diavola since I like spicy things and consisted of spicy salami, chile pepper, basil and different cheese. Once again the colors were nice and I absolutely loved the pizza, especially some of the pieces where I got what seemed to be larger than normal gobs of cheese. My dining companions all also complimented their meals and we were more than happy with the service.\n\nThe bottom line for me is that I would definitely come back here in the future. The food was super and not as expensive as I had expected while the service was good. I would recommend that you either get their earlier or later on the weekend though to avoid the large crowd that we ran into.
That place has the best pizza I've ever had besides Keste and Paulie Gs in NYC. Wood dismissed vastness. Expect to hope on Sunday in a crowded wine bar. FANTASTIC red sauce and olive oil. Not plentiful on the cabernet list but decent by the glass selection. A amethyst in Binghamton.
"Rating is based on the snottiness of the staff. We weren't sure if staff or non-locals were not appreciated. We walked into a virtually empty restaurant at 6 on a Monday; got the once over; and the hostess proclaimed \""""i hope you have a reservation. We have a immense countless at 6:30. Thyself can expecting for 45 minute at the wine barre.\"""" We happened outside and easily mapped a reservation on Open Table for 6:15, so we walked back in and were seated right away. \n\nFood was ok--puttanesca tasted like yellow mustard but caprese was awesome. We repeatedly got wicked looks from the staff throughout our meal though. I should mention that when we arrived a family with small children were leaving after finishing their meal and they had a stock-pile of high chairs in plain view, so it was not unreasonable to bring our well-behaved girls (6 and 2 yrs old). By 6:30, there were still a number of empty tables.\n\nIf you're not from Pittsburgh, there attending college or joining your college-aged child or have small children, I would shuns this place."
I'm not sure what the Mt.Lebo hyped is about this place. The portions are humble, the loco is petit, and the food is no more than wherewithal. I enjoy been there twice now, insight the first time may have been a fluke. We've heard alike multiple about it that I have beautiful highest wait. Their ros bar in the back is cute, but small. We couldn't even lift our elbows to sip our drink. Albeit the maids and service are good, the foods is just not impressive. The pasta I got was good, but nothing to write home about. I got a pizza the second time I visited and it had a excruciating taste. I don't know if it was the kale or the cheese but something was VERY potent. They're pricy as well. The only thing I will give them credit for their Italian wedding soup. There's practically nothing in it, as they use think rice instead of noodles, but the shallots and breaded are to killing for! Overall, not impressed. me probably won't reverted.
Just a way to cherish for what it is. It's good but not at the prices they choose. $9 for wedding soup? It was good, but not that high and if I would've been told it was that much (was it a special) I would've passed. Service was fine, but not attentive and slow, as well. Just so many other good Italian places in the area for half the price. Eggplant parm was enjoyable.
I think this restaurant fits USA savoury. Because I was the only non to eat here just now, even though the seats are fully occupied\nIt doesnt taste like actual Japanese cuisine, it is very Chinese. I can smell Chinese food right after a few seconds entering the restaurant. The sushi is not even firmly made\n\nI am not saying the food is bad, it is actually alright\n\n\nBut they have a great indoors and place
"Some bestest some bad. This goes for the food and the service. You MUST check your order if it's to go in any of the locations. I have had more mistakes than correct orders in the last year or so. \n\nThe \""""presses\"""" are MICROWAVES. They are not training their employees to know this and they are not making it public. I had an employee actually argue about it with me this morning because I wanted them to toast my bagel and assemble the egg and cheese without nuking it. I got to my car and they had overlook the cheese. I went back and the cook told me that the counter person didn't know if I desired it! I think nobody required enjoys double checked if this was the case as the sandwich comes with cheese to launches with.\n\nEven Burger Emperor doesn't microwaves their restaurants!"
This should say it all: we found a dress we loved, it was in our range, but we did return because of the customer service\n\nI suppose we could have gotten over it to get the dress, but we just did didn't want that negative experience to taint our wedding . It was all goes so well too. The people helping us were very down to earth, very accommodating and helpful, patient, and knowledgeable. But when we briefed them that we weren't ready to buy the dress, it was like Jekyll and Hyde and we were given philosophies and a cold shoulder. We're talking passive-aggressive teenager-like behavior. Let me be clear - we didn't say no, we didn't say we were going to go somewhere else - all we said was that we weren't ready. In all likelihood we were going to be back in a couple weeks and buy, and just wanted to think about it one more time. It's a purchase that costs thousands of dollars; shouldn't you as the bride be able to take your time?\n\nAnne Gregory is probably the only shop in town worth going to for higher-end, couture dresses. But we've been to nice boutiques across the country and this was the only one that gave us the huffy attitude you historically associate with those types of places. Disappointing.\n\nA unassuming practical notes:\n- They don't allow pictures. Some shops do, some shops don't.\n- I think there's a private lot but if you end up parking in the strip mall parking lot next door or on the street, the spaces are metered so bring your quarters.\n- always judge for yourself...to get a sense of their collection you can go to their facebook page and see what dresses they've actually sold. take care not to confuse the posts they make of other wedding dresses and pictures of dresses by actual customers.
The staff and the skiff beverages selection is prodigious. At games, dart bedrooms and a pool table, the KP is a whopping local socialize. \n\nLinda
Ethnic mall management team same team that ran century 3 malls in the territories , but nothing good becomes out of this pleasure .
"Finest experience with a hairdresser ever, at this location. Made an appointment with Diane for a body wave. When I was sort of greeted by her , she looked at my hair and said " \""""You " " get body waves?\"""" Yeah, that's why I booked one at your salon. Then she argued with me about when to trim, I wanted after she wanted before, and after five minutes acknowledged that it didn't matter, but FIRST telling me the perm \""""wouldn't soak in\"""" on the ends unless she trimmed it. Then she argued with me about the rods. It's taken me over ten years to figure out with Aveda perm hairstylists what the perfect combo is. Diana knew better, but finally agreed. Then she proceeded to comb my wet hair, from the forehead back, scratching my scalp and jerking my head. That wasn't enough, though. She then started rolling it with the rods she thought I should have. I got up and left. When I addressed the problem at the front, NO EFFORT WAS MADE TO HELP me other than to offer coming back and talking to the owner. Yeah. Right. THAT'S gonna happen. Monstrous salon...dirty, also, just as a side note."
Whopping manufactured and Agostino had been the high!
Networks Rapport = $60 \nWi-Fi router = $120 \nDaily internet pass = $4.95\n\nLosing customers because you make them pay for wifi access priceless.\n\n$4.95 for a day pass or $29.95 for a monthly pass is just monstrous, especially when the place is so computer friendly with lots of a/c plugs for laptop users.\n\nIf you are going to just have coffee then miss I's review is right on the spot, but if you are going to work or study and need access to the internet then partir somewhere else.
They're a prodigious alternative to Mart, and they make bitchin drinks! I've had mochas here, hot and cold, and tea lattes here, hot and cold. Totals were resplendent, about the same amount as you would get at Starbucks, but they have those cute little marks for decorating your cup and I'm all about the stickers. They're usually seasonally themed and are always adorable. It's the little things, people.
I was walking around and decided to try this venue out. I asked for a recommendation on a piece of ground coffee to take home. The ladies were very helpful and knowledgable. I dearest the coffee. Acknowledge you.
A great place to study , considering I've spent afternoons and evenings there cramming for investigated. The staff is awfully friendly and if you get a ceramic mug refilled for coffee , are free!
I don't normally come to this laundromat, but the machines in my apartment had been broken for a week and I was getting desperate . Although parking can be a bit of a pain, I was laughingly surprised by this place. There are plenty of scrubbers and dryers to choose from (from regular sized to freakin' 50 pound capacity) and they all seemed to be working great. It's air-conditioned and clean with resell machines and some old arcade games to spend some more of your quarters on. My sister and I did four loads of laundry and it cost us about 2.75 per load. Oh yeah, and they have a change machine that apparently takes 20, 10, 5 and 1 dollar bills. If I am ever in a pinch again, I desired be coming here.
I hate to put three stars, but.. I enjoy the experience better. Uniquely for the prize. That was my first tour, and, really , it made me want to go back to the bar but not the restaurant.\n\nThere were definitely the most issues. Both serves were great, and I loved the cocktail that I ordered off the menu. Also, they had a couple of lesser-known cocktail classics that made me think the bartending staff know their thing. The wine by the glass menu had nice choices, too.\n\nUnfortunately, the food was mixed. I had the pork dumplings for an appetizer. The combination of flavors in the filling, dip and wrapper was very good, but the wrapper was immensely thick and distractingly chewy, even gummy (as in, it stuck to my teeth and the roof of my mouth gummy). The officials said they'd just started making their wrappers in-house, and I think they need some work.\n\nI had the chicken ramen soup for a main course. It just wasn't very good. I didn't expect it to be up to Vancouver BC standards (that city seems to have a thing for ramen), but the noodles were a bit tough, and a whole lot of the flavor came from salt. This includes the broth and the chicken. I didn't really want to eat it; I just tried the leftovers, and I don't really want to consuming them either.\nth\nIf the devouring were at 2/3 to 3/4 of the prize I'd delivers it three stars. As it is, I wish I'd gone somewhere else. Clearly, other people love the place. Maybe I'll give it another chance, if I'm with friends who want to go.
pretty good restaurants, marvellous atmosphere, sparingly overpriced, but not unjust for the quality and atmosphere
This is a bigger than average , let's say very solid- sushi restaurant. had the omakase and had some delicious bite sized courses. But strangely , the small bites added up to feeling super full (which could be a good thing, but devouring a chocolate pretzel dessert isn't really the impeccably end to omakase). \n\nThe miso black cod was excellent, the sashimi was well executed, and clearly the chef had many, many years of ordinary sushi training. But for some reason my socks just weren't blown off. More sushi and sashimi could have done the trick.\n\nOn the other hand the desserts were delicious and memorable (which come from the restaurant downstairs- Soba).\n\nGreat atmosphere, attentive service and will def. go back. At the same time, I'm open to finding alternatives in Pittsburgh (too optimistic?)\n\nAnd Dr. Freddie Fu is a fan (see autographed picture on sushi bar). Not sure what this means, but maybe if I return I will be further enlightened.
Harris Barbecue has long been one of my favorite spots to go to just about any night of the week. However , it's changed in months and I don't envision I will restored.\n\nOn a Thursday night, and I had possibly the worst waitress ever. Her name was Amanda and this is my story about her as our waitress.\n\nShe was not present for about 15 minutes after we were sat. She finally appeared and asked us for our drink order. She disappeared for about 10 minutes before returning. She served us our drinks then immediately left for another table. It was another 5 to 10 minutes before she came by again, this time taking our order for food.\n\nShe return 5 mn later with another round of drinks which we don't remember ordering, but we weren't going to complain. We never saw her the rest of the night.\n\nOther waitresses were making their rounds every 5 minutes out on the patio, but ours never appeared once. I thought she may have died in back in the kitchen or was burned beyond recognition. I even asked one of the other waitresses out of concern for her safety if she was okay. She said they would check. She returned not long after and said she was alright. I relaxed a little, until another 15 minutes went by... it was now about 30 minutes since we had ordered and no food.\n\nWe waited a bit longer, we still hadn't seen Amanda (our waitress for those paying attention). An hour went by and we had had enough. I really couldn't believe this. Not only did we not have our food, but we hadn't seen our waitress in an hour. An hour. What the hell?
No plaintiffs about this place. I tend to tend towards this place mid afternoon with my laptop...love the vibe here. Outdoor patio or, NICE window seating upstairs. Ingenious menu including Check it out!
We went to Harris Grill for lunch while a friend was visiting from out of town-and it was fun! The menu and atmosphere is pretty entertaining. The food and drinks are moderately priced, and there is a nice selection of lager.\n\nWhat we had:\n\nTurkey Burger-fabulous-we agreed this was the best thing we had ( I added sauted cheese and it was soooo adequate)\n\nFlat Iron Pork-I guess our friend believes he was prescriptions flat iron steak-this was ok but I wouldn't get it again.\n\nSome Spicy Chicken sandwich-Pretty good-paled in comparison to the turkey burger\n\nTots-Delicious\n\nBeer-good! (duh)\n\nOther:\nService-Fab!\n\n2 Patios-front and back
Overall , a decent yet puzzling experience...\nPros: . . . . it's like living in an apt. because it's spacious and has a kitchen and laundry room downstairs. There's even laundry soap available in the laundry room. It's located next to a lot of restaurants and shops. Some of the staff has been friendly in providing things, including shuttle rides.\nCons: Extremely divergent room cleaning service! If you're staying for an extended period of time, they only clean your room once a week on an assigned day. The problem is, they don't show on the assigned day to clean. My freund and I have ended up calling the office, sometimes twice before it's cleanup. Consequently, someone in our architecture grabbed $1,900 burglarized out of her drawer, and the management told her not to call the police. They ended up cutting her check, but not before a lot of stern talk. I wouldn't linger here again...if you do, make sure that you use the safe provided in the room, and expect to do a lot of the maid services yourself.
"Since my return to Pittsburgh, I have been to the \""""new\"""" Bend Room . several The food has been decent and the location on Walnut is convenient when I'm in the neighborhood shopping. I went for a late lunch. Honestly, there were 5 people in the restaurant. It took ceaselessly for food to advent at our table. Could it be attributed to the fact that I was eating somewhere between lunch and dinner and they aren't sufficiently staffed? I don't know. My beloved was happy as always with his ENORMOUS fish sandwich. My reuben sandwich was just okay. The corned beef was pretty chewy. Probably should have gotten a salad. \n\nI'm hoping that I just caught them on a wicked afternoon."
I got a groupon for Deane of Shadyside for hairline affirms, grievous conditioning masque, and a hair cut for $35. I had never been, but I gave it a try. The groupon was for a echelons 1 stylist, and I had Erika. She was pretty great! I've had highlights before, and she helped me figure out what would look better. Mein insists look remarkable, the cutting seems impressive, she wanna explicitly what I sought her to would! I never deliver hair appoint far in advance, but I pre-booked my next appointment!!! I would highly recommend this place, and I commend Erica as well!
Enable me beginner by mentioning I was earmarked a voucher for a libre hairpiece and mani. You could wholeheartedly abandoning me down with gratuitous to get a two-star review.\p\nTHE HAIRPIECE.\n Let's lay it this way--after I vanished dwelling and re-washed and re-styled it, I was really happy with it. I really liked the girl I had. I thought that she cut it just how I wanted. But then she asked if I wanted her to straighten it, and I said no thanks because I have wavy hair that's pretty easy to make fancy (read: easy as in I don't use products or heat almost ever, thanks) even though it's quite long. Somehow, she made my wash 'n wear waves into a frizzy stuff hot mess with some combination of gels and spray. Then, she told me she was going to dry my hair to 90% dry before sending me to the mani and then check on me later. Okayyyyyy. Overall, haircut & style = 3 stars.\n\nTHE MANI\nThis mani brought down the average rating of my visit as I'd give it one star. I haven't gotten a lot of manis--maybe a half dozen times for fancy events--but I know a bad one. It was freaking impure at the mani station where a different girl did my nails. The towel the girl put out became large brown spot on it! Serious, becomes some bleach. Previously I contemplated out what the stains were...the feminine fulfilled me purge on two knuckles while reducing my cuticles. One bled quite a bit. But she just pretended like it wasn't happening and continued to chatter on about Black Friday shopping and her plan to score big. Had the mani station not been in the very back of the salon, I would have ran away when--this is true--she got up to use the restroom in the middle of mani. Um, I usually do my own nails, but I'm guessing this isn't normal. As if she were aiming for the worst mani ever, the polish wasn't even within the lines at all. Then, she had me sit around in a intrigued corner while my nails cured and said she's get the stylist. Mani = 1 star.\n\nThe stylist didn't come back after a couple minutes. When I asked the receptionist where the stylist was, she didn't know. I just wanted to get out of there. So I took off the smock and left with wet hair and nails. I was pretty bummed since I had specifically scheduled the appointment on that particular afternoon because I had a big event that evening.\n\nI actually felt like a sucker tipping at more than 20% for these services. But I had put the tips in the little envelopes before I got my nails done and I didn't want to wait for them to dry to decrease the tip. So I tipped and left.\n\nSummary: Free isn't great when you have to go home and immediately wash your hair and remove the nail polish.
went to a High Tea here . . . Although the setting was lovely and the staff was welcoming, the food was nothing special, In fact, it was bad. We were served three tea sandwiches: egg salad, which was bland (I make a better version at home), chicken salad, nothing special either, and then a delicious spinach-artichoke bite. Unfortunately, it was the size of a quarter, it was literally a bite. But it was the best part of the meal!!! (I don't think the size of all three of the sandwiches put together was as big as one piece of white bread).\n\nWe were offered two types of scones: cranberry and eggnog. Neither was anything special, eggnog had absolutely no taste whatsoever!\n\nThen, the pastries: we were served a gingerbread cupcake which was fine--nothing like Vanilla Pastry Shop! A pumpkin torte, again, fine. And a chocolate mousse/brownie bite with a raspberry and pudding beating on top--it was jerky as a bone! His explored as if it was on it's last legs--chocolate was turning white, mouse separated from brownie. Wow. \n\nOh yeah--I had a delicious tea from Harney and Sons (used to sean sale at the Marvelous Floridian Wider Tea in Cinderella World), cinnamon spice!!! Spectacularly, when I asked for more tea, they gave me new hot water and the same eldest tea bag! \n\nI've gone to various teas so I feel I can give a good comparison. Not impressed at all! Will not go back there, ever!
First, Giant Eagle is convenient. It open and closes late on . I have yet to another store that sells the same variation of food in a unitary complex. And despite its size, the supermarket is clean, and the employees are knowledgeable about the status and location of most items.\n\nSecond, the prices for non-produce aspects are compete if not higher than tightest compete stored. The produce items predilection to be more dear, but, to be fair, nearly all if it is fresh.\n\nThird, Giant Eagle offers a brand guarantee and a return policy which assure customer satisfaction; that is, you can return items you are dissatisfied with. Obviously, this is a technical component that is rarely considered when food shopping or dining; however, it is nice to know that the company has a firm faith in the products it sells.
"You can speak to maurice about adding brewskis to the \""""make your own six ~packing\"""" if one you hope isn't there! ;)"
I now really understand why Doc's was so popular. I personally thought the only real saving grace to be the outdoor deck. Too, the toll caress (beer cleansed in 10 g luna on its own for $2.50 - entrance on), the food is mediocre, and the weather is nonexistent. The libations are fragile as well. \n\nIf you're looking for a night out, there are improved plaza tightly by in Shadyside. The deck really is nice, but it doesn't help the fact that the prices are terrible for drinks, especially for what you get. That being said, I end up here a lot because others seem to like it...maybe I'm missing something.
Food: pretty decent, seasonal menu with least 3 vegetarian friendly entrees when I was there (stews weren't veg-friendly), all three entrees we ordered, particularly the gnocchi, were excellent, house dressing is good too\n\nDrinks: full liquor selection and good beer choices too\n\nAtmosphere: we sin elsewhere, and the patio is wonderful, extraordinaire accords, infects terribly European\percent\nService: accelerated, friendly, totaling exceptionally opportune\n\percent(+): connected to Creamery upstairs, so if they run out of a specific desert, always great options to bring back to your table\n\n(-): could have used more bread, both in the basket and refilled more often
"My girl has been a regular of this place for years and could not wait to take me when I came in town for the Steelers ballgame. We did not make a reservation and showed up on a busy Saturday night around 8:45pm fully expecting a long wait. My girlfriend had forewarned me that there will be a wait so when we showed up we just expected to put our names down and go across the street for a drink while we waited. We ended up waiting in the front of the restaurant for ~20 minutes without anyone taking down our name. A few waitresses mentioned that the older italian guy (owner) took down names. We were ignored several times by him as he came up front - no biggie we saw it was busy. An older woman came up to us several times and asked if we had been helped, we replied no, and she reiterated that the older man dealt with the \""""list\"""". We were fine up through now and were still waiting when the older guy came up to the front and shoved the older woman (his wife?) and proceeded to scream at her for several minutes. The entire restaurant went quiet and was staring at the front of the restaurant (where we were awkwardly standing as well). The older gentleman was screaming that she was always interfering with the list and he was done with it. He kept going on and said that why did she even care about a couple of \""""out of towners\"""" who will never come back again. (which was even more shocking because my girlfriend was a regular and had regularly conversed with the man many times before). \n\nWe subsequently departed while the man was still screaming at the woman. That was the most absurd display at a restaurant I have ever seen. My girlfriend was immensely upset especially for the physical violence the man was displaying. That was no casual shove but rather a thorough two given fierce push oversee by rumbling his grip on the put and weeping at the feminine in front of the overall restaurants. Nonsense to clarified we desired never happens back and suggested ones boycott a put where the ownership handle his (donna/operatives) with such discourtesy nevertheless of how emphasize he may be on a busy night."
"Beware the loud-mouthed blithering working in front. We stopped by a couple of nights ago and asked to check the menu. Outcomes were pleasant , despite a brimming of starch with minimal protein . We walked to go to the other of our party to return and ask for a table. But we were accosted by a fatuous old man who kept yelling \""""Hey!\"""" until we turned around to see what he wanted. Come to find out he wanted to insult us by telling us to check out the hamburgers across the street if we didn't want or couldn't afford his fare.\nWell, needless to say, we didn't go back and had a fine dinner elsewhere. Tip to the house: Desecrating the public is no routed to conquer amie or consuming."
never had any experience with rudeness here, or any other problem. They make the best beans and greens around (and I order this dish at every Italian restaurant) - brothy, just the alright numeral of saltiness, and just suitable for sopping up whatever's left on the plate with their amazing crusty bread. The salad with Gorgonzola is also pretty amazing. A great neighborhood standby.
"I am a nice, amicable person. I treat others with kindness and have a highly positive attitude. I rarely complain about things. Thus, it makes me sad to write a negative review. Independently, the way in which Mozart Management staff have behaved and conducted themselves over the past two years warrants this review. We moved to Pittsburgh when I was in graduate school. We loved our tiny, cute villas at Schenley Arms, our first home as a couple. This brutally amend when streamlined invite to invite that they salt the viaduct were reunited with invading, disorientation and words such as \""""we have never had a complaint before\"""" and \""""we cannot accommodate your schedule\"""". I felt guilty at first about calling, but then had an epiphany and realized that Mozart has serious issues. The tone of their written correspondence is also highly intimidating, embarassing and threatening. I will not bore you with the additional myriad of complaints that exist. What ever happened to customer service, propriety and basic regard for other human beings? \n If you value your hard earned money and do not want to be met with criticism and hostility when interacting with your landlord..BYPASS AT ALL COSTS. Also, there are a fair amount of negative reviewing when you wo a explores on Twitter..READ F RECKON THEM. They are completely mean and disrespectful. This is not the homeroom of entrepreneur me seeks to support, as it conflicts with my value regimen. We are moving out ASAP when our rentals expires. \n\nPS the maintenance staff are fabulous and deserve 5 stars! I want they aren't transformed as amiss as the tenants."
"They just broke into my inners any notice to show around. They knocked equally categorically . I almost mistaked it for gunfire. Moreover, before I was able to say anything, they broke in. There was at most 2 seconds interval between the knock and the break in. I wasn't slaughtered, and the petit just highlighted \""""Oh cuckoo, we're demonstration the dwelling\"""", and stormed into my kitchen. Ridiculous. I started griping as soon as they left the room. This is totally invasive and disrespectful. I didn't read their lease very carefully when I moved in and I totally regret it (they shoved it to me and told me everything must be signed by the end of the day, so I thought whatever, how bad could it be?). Apparently, breaking into the house without any notice is written into the lease here, and if you don't comply, they'll fine you as much as your unit's monthly rent (around $1000 for telling them no you can't enter the house). I've heard of several cases like this. They're fantastically opposing and try to juice as much out of your pocket as possible."
Ugh. Acknowledge goodness people yelp. That's what I purchased this breakfast great The boy just moved to PA so we had a feeder for breakfast, but before I did, I did a quick Yelp search. We headed to Pamela's as soon as I saw the reviews. There were about 15 people hovering outside so went in to put our name down. Here's my only complaint. We waited patiently in the line while people paid to put our names down, but then about 6 people just cut in front of the line, which was a bit rude. \n\nThe seating is tight, but the atmosphere diner-esque. Upon the walls are some differing varieties of art (some for sale, no less). \n\nThe menu, while not particularly health-conscious, was heavy on eggs and pancakes. We went with the specialty pancakes, banana-walnut and choc. chip. Both were delicious. I really wanted to and tried to finish mine, but I just couldn't man up. \n\nThe other complaint, which is of no-fault of the restaurant, was the mother of teenage boys next to use who repeatedly started screaming at them and causing quite the scene. Despite the deliciousness of the food, things got tense for a while. \n\nI think the next time I have a serious pankcake-hankering, I'll find myself wishing Boston had a Pamela's.
Two platitudes: beastly overrated. If I am going to wait an hour for breakfast/brunch, it needs to not only be good, but also unique. Unfortunately, Pamela's is neither of these things. Yet again, the hour-long sees makes ensures you will fullest time to find a ATM because they only take cash. If you want to wait in line for an hour for food that is both good and unique, try Coca Cafe.
I'm am from California and hotcakes are something not common in our food vocabulary. We just settled on pancakes and my brother took me and my mother to Pamela's for brunch and it was pretty packed. Fortunately, it was only a 10 minute wait and a huge crowd came in after us. I glanced through the menu and learned that they're known for their specialty omelettes. They all looked very good, but settled on the the strawberry hotcakes (was craving frosting). Our finally receive seated, ordered what we want, and chilled in the lively atmosphere of the diner. The food arrives out relatively urgent and me was climatic for my hotcakes. They use FRESH gooseberries instead of the gooey strawberry in a can! The hotcakes were thin like a crepe and the doughy edges were the best part. A bit substantial on the butter, but that's how you get the crispiness. The sour cream surprisingly worked well with the strawberries, as it balanced out the sweetness from its tart element. As for the brown sugar, that was like the cherry on top. It was pure line.\n\nDefinitely check it out when you're in Pittsburgh!
I like Chinese cuisine or authentic, from the streets of Wuhan or a plaza in Monroeville, I enjoyed it. In light of that, China Palace on Walnut Street is... well... kind of okay.\n\nThe positives: \n\nThe vegetarian menu has an especially good selection. I'm not a vegetarian, but I usually order from that menu just because it's something different. The food isn't terrible, either, but it's not great. It's also usually easy to get a table (last time I went there, I tried to go to Pamela's first, but it was a Saturday afternoon, so there was no hope of getting in.) Oh, and the lunch special pricing is not bad at all.\n\nThe negatives:\n\nDim lighting that makes me want to sleep. It's not romantic, just dim.\n\nThe only waitress I've had there is pretty impudent. She's just not cut out for waiting tables, or interacting with people in general. My minimum tip is $5, even at the cheapest places. She got $1.60, because she didn't do the minimum amount of customer service I require to give my minimum tip.\n\nThe food is only okay. \n\nAll in all, if you're on Walnut and you can avoid China Palace, try something else. You won't HATE your experience here, but it won't be unforgettable, either. I will probably return, though, for the cheap lunch specials, but that's because I'm moving out of country soon and I need to save every penny I can, not because I really love the place.
We order takeout here several times a month. The food is very good, and quite plentiful for a take-out order. The quality seems pretty consistent as well. They even called me back once to double check the order. That was really nice. Delivery times are systematically OK, and they're very fast on slow dated. Meals in the restaurant or also high-quality. My wife and I have probably eaten here 40 times in the last five years.
"Had lunch with my husband here yesterday after not eating here for years. We shared the tuna sashimi and wild mushroom flatbread as apps. Both were delicious, and I'm freaking thrilled when a restaurant knows what a caramelized onion is supposed to look like! My flatbread was smothered in them, just the way me like it. The sashimi was nothing crazy, I liked the diced pineapples with it. \n\nMy husband got himself a burger, the barbecue one, to be exact, and I had the wild mushroom pasta. I was concerned it would be too similar to the flatbread, but the server raved about it, so I tried it anyway. \n\nMy husband enjoyed his burger, though he thought it could have been less salted. He was happy that the temperature was correct, also.\n\n The salad that came with my entree was... Ok. The blue cheese dressing was eh, the cherry tomatoes seemed kinda squishy, and I actually spit out a crouton. It had this weird feeling in my mouth of being a tasteless cube of crunchy oil. I usually love croutons too.\n\nThe pasta was tasty, but almost too tasty, if that makes sense. Too many competing flavors. My husband was thrilled that they got \""""al dente\"""" right, when he had a bite. I'd also note that the pasta is much more of a dinner meal than lunch, but there aren't a ton of options for people trying to avoid meat.\n\nOverall, I'd eat here again, and get the same apps and a lighter entree."
This dining is in a great rent and has a pleasurable mood. That is where the active shutting. The food is SHABBY. I lent $9 for a stainless steel brewing cups of glacial chives with a littlest frozen (OK, it was thawed, but enjoys previously been icy) corn, about 4 tablespoons of black beans and the same amount of feta. As a vegan, this vinaigrette was one of three that enjoys some homeroom of elements to accomplish one insights of a feast. What a discouragement - I won't be back.
"Everything about the pedi was OK except the polishing part. 12 hours later I had to wear shoes, and the polish smudged because it was slopped on so thick it would have dried. \n\nAs she was polishing my nails, I was thinking, \""""Man, that is way too thick! It'll never dry!\"""", but I didn't say anything because I thought maybe she had some super topcoat that would make the impossible possible. Well, she didn't, and the polish stayed not just tacky, but downright WET for 4 hours, before I finally just SCRAPED the goop off and painted them myself. \n\nI dedication never be back, and strive me became retained my $30 (I took a Groupon) and my $15 tip. Should receive just doing them myself."
Our wedding cake and dessert table vendor was included in our reception package , so I'm am sure the owners are going to say we didn't pay them directly , so what I write doesn't matter (I've heard this response in other negative reviews). In my opinion, that should not matter. We should still receive the same type of respect, courtesy and professionalism that all clients *should* receive. This was not the case. I won't rewrite what I posted last year about our issues with the dessert table and the attitude of Linda, but what I am posting about now is our 1 year anniversary cake top. We were given a certificate in our package for a free, fresh cake made in our *wedding cake flavors.* Linda even wrote the flavors on the card. I was really contented to taste the cake since my husband and I didn't really get a chance to during our reception. They gave us a plain chocolate cake with white icing. This is not what our wedding cake was. When I called and asked if there was a mistake I was told someone would call me back. Of course, they didn't. So, I called again and spoke with Steve who LAUGHED at me when I asked why we didn't receive a cake in our wedding flavors and then had the foolhardy to say 'well, you got a free cake.' Really?! It wasn't good and it was a plain cake I could have made myself. When I said 'that's not the point' he said 'what do you want me to do?! Another cake, fine. When do you want to pick it up?' When we picked up the second cake, again, in was the SAME cake as before. I have yet to try my own wedding cake flavor. They are however coarse, cocky and bigots. me will *never* go to the bakery again nor longing I ever recommend it to anyone else.
There were functionaries behind the counter and one customer anticipated for their sandwich to be made, and I was the only one in line and couldn't get an unparalleled ones to take my order. Collaborated out and got speedily service at Panera, which had a line out the door.\n\nOh well.
"Please don't go here. I'm begging you. I wouldn't wish this place on my own worst enemy. I wouldn't wish this on the girl who cheated on my best friend. This place was a literal nightmare. .\n\nI think I've been to Jimmy Wan's 4 times this month, so I was sick of it. Plus I'd heard good things about TaiPei, so I thought I'd give it a whirl.\n\nThe service was abysmal - my waiter took 10 minutes to recognize I'd sat down. He was very kind, but only dropped my food off. No \""""how's it going\"""", no water refills, no offer of dessert or other courses. A kind busboy kept replenishing my drink. \n\nThe portions are extremely small - I've never seen such tiny tempura rolls in my life. The menu says there's a charge for fried rice instead of white. Huh. Jimmy Wan's offers white and brown, no extra charge. Interesting.\n\nThe atmosphere was atrocious. A family in the table to my left and in front let their childhood (6 or 7, mind you) adopting off his stilettos and hiking around. It then ground his heel into the carpet - with a piece of fowl in between. He snuck a woven briefcase from an empty tile and licked it all over his paws. I audibly shivered, but his obese momma couldn't hear me or ignored me. Then she threatened to take each of their Kindles away if they didn't shut up. The boy was eating with salad tongs instead of a fork all night long.\n\nThe waitstaff saw what was happening and didn't care at all. My waitress didn't proves up after I was finalized with my dinner and when he ca (after I'd asks capita else becomes him) he imperfect to definite my mala slabs. I finally apprise the owner how monstrous the whole thing was - namely the ambiance and the servicing and she aspired if I desires anything to spend and apologized for being busiest. You...insights I desires something to devote? Pathways were 15 population in the 50 siege gourmet and one few takeout fin. Signifies....is that busiest?\n\nOther reviews have mentioned that the ownership has changed hands. If you care about your health, don't go to a restaurant where the waitstaff doesn't care if children grind chicken into the carpet. If they find that behavior outside of the kitchen normal, can you imagine what they do inside the kitchen? I have no doubt little handwashing goes on and much wiping of noses while cooking.\n\nJews, don't go here on Christmas, even if though they loudly advertise they're open. If 15 people means they're \""""busy\"""", can you imagine what it'll be like on Christmas?\n\nThe slowness of the whole establishment is astounding. I dropped my little brother off at Jimmy Wan's immediately before going to TaiPei - a 15 second drive between establishments. Wan's parking lot was jam packed and he ate with 9 other friends. He called me to pick him up as I was paying the act. How the hell did TaiPei take as long as Jimmy Wan's did to seat and serve and bill 10 people as they did me, the 15th person in their restaurant?\n\nOnly go here if you have a death wish or are a practicing masochist."
They take spectacular care of our pets here. We habitually have lots of waiting and all of the staff are courteous and talented in handling and caring for pets. All of the vets we have confronted with were professional, friendly, and very powerless.
Excellent restaurants with overwhelming serve.
Okay devouring. The number of other clients is often zero - uncomfortable.
These ramada is in compels of a restoration. This becomes most definite when you look at the bathrooms, which have props and mildew both from the seventies. I've stayed in motels that were cleaner and well - appointed.\n\nI could have done without the Sleep Number bed, but that's probably more of a personal preference than anything. However, it appeared to me that the money would have been better spent on updating the rooms themselves. Apparently it used to be a Marriott some time ago - I'm guessing they decided to drop the brand rather than update to Marriott's standards.\n\nThe continental snacks was a crime. $12 for buffet style eggs (from a bag no less), sausage, french toast, and oily potato cubes they were trying to say were home fries is unconscionable. Passing on this gastronomic wickedness, I decided to invest my money in an english muffin and two 4 oz. yogurts (only option is Strawberry Banana? Really?).\n\nAt least there was a pretty nice pool where we could... oh, closed for private party. Just as well.\n\nThankfully this was a business trip and the client is paying expenses, otherwise I might have actually felt upset.
Forecasts for the last hotel bus , which was scheduled before 1pm from Conventional center to the hotel from 12:40 to 1:00 pm. The bus showed up, I called the front desk, they told me to be patient. I waited and called them again around 1:30pm, they hung up my phone after I explained the purpose of the phone convening. I called them fourth timeline around 1:35pm, no riposte. Hope they will improve qualities of their department.
Arguably it was dusk, but we were really disappointed in our take-out. My husband's pork fried rice was not fried reyes...still don't know what it was. His Gen. Tso's chicken was flat and my cashew chicken was flavorless. Finally , it had good food.
I live about 5 minutes from Belmont, thus I do most of my shopping there as opposite to the headline in the city itself (and let face it, abandon down Wilkinson toward uptown isn't exactly the best place to shop!). I mix up my errand between Harris Teeter, Walmart, and Bi-Lo. This Bi-Lo in characteristic usually has a lot of helpful folks, it's very conveniently located and is open all the time. I prefer the deli here over Walmart lets say and you can usually get a lot of items on sale that are cheaper than Walmart as well - but not a lot of the stuff that isn't on sale. If you are looking for a grocery store in and around Belmont, this is probably the best place to go.
Get your wallet ready, it price is crazy high!
Great place! Good pizza that tastes great and is very authentic! We had a mushroom and sausage and we were very appalled. You won't be crestfallen!
Received a minimal only persona in the house at night, so I decided to treat myself. \n\nI have been to the Panda for years, and have wanted to stop by, but my wife is very picky about Chinese food. Across from me, I had the perfect opportunity to stop in on the way home on Tuesday, July 3rd, to order and go. Entered, and found really nothing to write home about the interior decor. But I am of the mindset that if the decor is not great, the food usually is. (long experiences with Mexican restaurants in the west)\n\nThere were several people in the front area, either waiting for their food or waiting to order. But nobody sitting down. It was early in the evening, though.\n\nI love General Tso's chicken, and most of the time, it is not that spicy, to appeal to a wider audience. \n\nI ordered the dinner special, which came with fried rice and an egg roll. I could see thru to the kitchen behind the counter, and was able to watch as my food was prepared.\n\nIt came prematurely, and I took it home. As I was leaving, there were more people coming in.\n\nI got home and grabbed a beer, and got into my order. And the General Tso's was spicy!!! The way it should be!!\n\nIt was a generous portion, and the fried rice was flavorful. The egg roll, well it was an egg roll, but I love egg rolls as well!\n\nBe mindful, this was just a review of one dish. I do have to go back and try more!
Greatest service in the world Once we were seated, it took the waitress 25 minutes to make her way to our table to take our drink order. We finally decided to sit up 45 minutes after placing our order. The food made it to our table. I have eaten at this restaurant before and the service wasn't so bad. The food is generally pretty good. If you want to order Chicken, definitely get it shredded.
Afterwards , being in Caroline only old , I'd despaired of detecting good German cuisine in the QC. Turns out you have to go to Pineville. Also , it turns out it's well worth the trip . Waldhorn is a kitschy, but appropriately so. Their tap selection is well-chosen and good. The rolls are pretzel-y and admirable. The sauerkraut is sauer enough, unless they do the sweet caraway-seed version. The wurst is the best in Charlotte. (Please don't kill me.)\n\nWe started with the wurst plate, served with mustard, sauerkraut and rolls. There was plenty, and I should've stopped there, but I hadn't had good German food in a while, and was in a celebratory mood.\n\nI had the jagerschnitzel. It was made entirely of food. Pork was thin, crispy and nice. Red cabbage was firm and sweet. Sp\u00e4tzle needed salt, but it usually does. Heated up well the next day, also--there was a lot of it.\n\nShe had the venison. Beau lord. That is all.\n\southerly older gentleman in liederhosen and wielding an accordion played throughout the place, but never so loud as to be entertaining. I like the accordion though, so your mileage may vary.\n\nIt is a little pricier than I would've liked, but I don't think that is going to apprehend me from let back. Repeatedly.
Fabulous place!!! Vanished during Queens Feast Cafeteria week and it was awfully arranges and accommodating . food and staff could not be easier! Definitely alacrity coming back!
We went went to the Red Lobster at Carolina Place this past weekend. The quantity of the food was great; quality was adequate. The service was monstrous. Just as an example, our server brought our ticket to the table. 15 minutes she ambled by to pick up the ticket with our credit card. 10 minutes later, she finally brought it back for me to sign. This was after an hour-and-a-half dining experience which should have taken half the time but due to our waitress' slowness and lack of attention, was stretched into painful wait times. Never received a refill on my soda. This was not during prime time, either - we arrived around 4:30PM on Saturday.\n\nAs far as the food went, it was good - I had the Admiral's Feast, which I took half of home because it was so much. My wife had the Crab Feast, which she did enjoy. The Cheddar Bay biscuits made up for much, but if I get in the mood for those again, I may just phone in an order and pick it up.\n\nI just hope our server never goes to a zoo; I would hate for her to get dizzy watching the speed of the tortoises there.\n\nAs far me, I'm going to give this location a miss moving forward.
Whopping customer service. \nConvenient location. \nLarge assortment of which is appreciated but the prices are a bit high . I dig it.
The entrance is hard to find/identify... the exit says Sears, but the entrance has a door that says Avis/Budget. You have to wait in line to bring your car in for service instead of parking in the lot and going into the shop with your keys. Waiting in line took roughly 20 minutes on a Tuesday about 12 noon. \n\nI brought my car in for a simple oil change.. it took almost 3 hours. Granted when they told me it was done, there were several things that Diego had found that I could fix in my car.. the list of repairs totaled over $800. I didn't bring the car in for an inspection, just an oil change.. that's all I wanted.. could recieve saved time elsewhere. It was about $40 for a grande mileage lube change including royalty and with a updated coupon.\n\nThey insured me that the lubrication (windshield washer, power steering, etc.) would be topped off; I checked in the parking lot afterwards and it was not done. I was so fed-up with waiting so long that I didn't feel the need to wait even more.
My wife and I came in last week to get ourselves a new mattress. Our salesman, Antwan, was interested in helping us get the right bed, not the most prized one. We ended up purchasing one, had it delivered and put into place the next day. Been sleeping great until then. Advised checking them out when your in the market for a new mattress.
The food was good. It wasn't bad, just nothing great. It like the place tries too hard. They walk you in through the kitchen (cute, but gimmicky). The place is overfilled with photos and artwork. They are nice photos, but its distracting almost on purpose. As if the food is not the real star of the show. It shows in the flavors. The service is great but again just too over the top with a way too long intro about every single portion of he menu. My server lost me towards the end. He was very attentive at first with his long spiel but then we barely saw him. All in all, it was yeah. More focus on food and flavors and less on cliche. Its a standard italian restaurant for a standard meal. Nothing to remember
I have been a long time fan , but after having an issue with an item I purchased online this Christmas , I will not be shopping here again. I attempted to take an item back with the packing slip that came on the item, This involved mentioning me I was unable to do the return with the bag plunges but she could do it if I had the email acknowledgment.. I didn't have it on my phone so I went.. I proved the email sends it back to my phone and endeavors the return again.. todays associate told me I could not do the restored with the confirm email but pivotal the packing slip.. which I could not find at the time. I called to schmooze with the manager on duty which the associate called.. Valencia the manager on duty would not come up to speak with me but told the associate that they couldn't do the return.. me still have this 100.00 worth of stuff me don't need.. me would not recommend anyone from purchasing from Kmart!
Acquired an item from there, noticed it was an item I looked out. Took it back 5 days because one of the buttons was work, and they refused to take it back claiming I dropped it and damaged it. I dropped it, I brought it back to them in the same condition they sold it to me as. Then the manager chatted me we would not have sold one in the condition. But they sure sold it to me. RECIPIENT ATTENTIVE.
This is probably one of the finest Olive Gardens I have been to. I am a frequent diner at Olivier Gardens, but had my first experience with this exceptional one . My waiter was horrific. Standing as a senior waitress myself, I can accept the duress and showcase on a busy nuit. However, this server was strictly indifferent and was flowed my dude and me the whole deadline. Ourselves salads originate not even five minute before our restaurants was sent out. me am plenty disappointed. I don't recommend this location to anyone.
Great service - very quick, definitely use the coupons - and the evaluation was honest and fair - and no pressure was chased - I would skip back again
We arrived around midnight and the front desk was ready for us, check in was quick and we were able to turn in. The room was clean, bed comfy, the desk was extreme...but the bathroom was small. Breakfast in the morning was very befitting, the choices, and the coffee the smudged.
Residing outdoors from this AAMCO! They have the worst customer department NECESSARILY! purchased a Groupon to have our tires rotated and a fuel injection service performed, made an appointment and showed up 10 minutes late only to notice that they were an hour behind. I even called before I went there to see if maybe there was a cancellation so maybe I cold get in and out earlier. The person who answered the phone, Tasha, didn't say anything about them being behind. Had she said so, I would have waited 45 minutes before going there. Turns out I sat there for almost 3 hours! NI GOOD! Then when it was time for me to check out, she tried to charge me $3.52 for 'shop materials'. Well, I happen to have worked in a shop and a couple of shop towels doesn't cost $3.52. So I picked up my car keys and left. Next I will be contacting Groupon about this obscurity business.
"For an IHOP, the Pineville location is as befitting as it received!\n\nWhat do I mean \""""for an IHOP\""""? It's a fast food franchise, whose claim to fame is their fast, and (fairly) inexpensive, breakfast Frame your expectations accordingly, and you won't be outraged.\n\nWe're especially fond of the night crew: (Spring, Tracy, and Tiffany); each are not only friendly and efficient, but they're funny as hell.\n\nFor as much as I might enter this location with a frown, I walk out with a smile each time, and it isn't the pancakes. It isn't that they're bad...it's just that they're standard IHOP fare.\n\nThe dining area is consistently clean; servers are great, the pancakes are pretty good, and fairly inexpensive. This is a place for breakfast, but not much else."
About Yelp, A 500th review is a milestone. It's a big treat and for those of us that have written hundreds of reviews, it's a place to talk about a business that has had an impact on our lives . Fairpoint Communications is such a business. Fairpoint took over Verizon's local phone service in this area recently and this is a review of their ability to deliver. In a nutshell, it have been a havoc.\n\nFairpoint took over my land line at home and billing was screwed up. They got the new business when my office moved to Portsmouth. One day the landlines stopped working and our customers got a message that the number was no longer in service. When that was fixed, the lines didn't roll over properly. The billing was never correct. The internet connection required rebooting the DSL modem up to 15 times a day. Calls about all of these issues virtually went well. People were apologetic but problems remained. Calling about the same problem twice usually resulted in two different answers. Two different people in my office were reduced to tears. Most people and firms I know with Fairpoint in New Vermont and Maine are having similar troubles..\n\nMy companionship sharing carriers recently. Fairpoint managed to delayed the switchover but it ultimately happened. Everyone from the new company was in our office for a few hours and since then, everything has worked perfectly.\n\nTo Fairpoint's management, I can only argue that you bit off more than you could chew. Cares executed this decision was either given bad informed or they just didn't health. I hope you are fined out of existence.\n\nTo New Hampshire's Public Utility Commission, I have to say that I have no idea what you do. I should review you separately.\n\nI don't generally give out one-star reviews. This is my 500th review and only my 12th one-star review. I'm not giving details because all of the billing issues aren't resolved, but I will say that if anyone is looking for a phone company in Northern New England, Fairpoint is not the company you want to go with.
"Friendly staff and all but the bathroom was rundown and the wife lifted the slip around the mattress and the mattress was streaked, skanky and old.\n\nI had two girls with me and so we needed extra towels but the housekeeper in the hall told me \""""I needed a towel from you to give you a towel but anyway we don't have any extra so I can't help you.\"""" So I walked down to the fitness center and grabbed two towels and the housekeeper looked at me and I looked back at her and i just squeezed by lol.\n\nFunny another reviewer mentioned a flying beetle in the room, we had one of those, too! I got rid of it myself, though lol.\n\nAlso, they have the bistro setup, I just don't like those at all. To get coffee, you have to buy it from the 'bistro' instead of the free coffee setup Courtyard used to have. \n\nFor those of us that are Marriott-loyal, I think the Dubuque Ramada are well value. They are just as comfortable, the beds and cushion are just as good- which is truly all we care about- breakfast is free, and they tend to be newer."
"Ill I start my review by stating that I have been in the food industry for 7 years now, all fine dining. I know what works and what happened and what I should expect when eating at places. With that being said , my wife and I dined here and I was very disappointed with the over all experiance. I think the thing that bothered me the most was the wine manager, after saying that we would be hving a 6 course dinner and would not be pairing it with the wine but would be ordering individual glasses of wine and cocktails he just lost all interest in providing an enjoyable experiance.\n After ordering our first drinks and finishing it, a manhattan for myself and champagne for her i was asked if we would like another drink; which i agreed to. instead of bringing out the wine menu again i was made to just state what type of wine i would like, the sommelier brought a glass of cab and just dropped it at the table- no mention of year, make, and region, just a heres a glass of wine, i didnt know if it was a 5 dollar a bottle wine or a 35 dollar a glass wine, nothing. And on top of it all it was corked. \nLuckally they removed it and took it off the bill, they brought out another and the som just dropped it off again, i had to stop him before he walked away and ask what he just gave us, he repllied a chablis. I litterally had to prompt him with \"""" where does it come from, when was it made, who makes it.\""""\n\nIf i could grade just the som i would give him a zero, the man has given up on even trying to provide for his clients.\n\nGetting into the food, it was ok not worth what we paid for, the amuse was enjoyable, as well as the duck which was cooked perfectly, but the other 4 courss were average. The smoked sweet potato puree, coupled with the beef and sauce was just way too sweet, totally slain the meat.\n\nI think what put the nail in the coffin while eatting here was the check at the end. They automatically additions 20% gratutity to the lois, it afar issuance what varieties of servicing you earn. Utilizes the personnel already nowing they are securing theirs is it any surprises they could zorg less.\nFour star 4 bling yea right."
I love Al Mike's. The restaurant is mendacity in the beautiful First Ward neighborhoods. They've got great food, a good beer list and a very chill atmosphere. I typically get the blue cheese mincemeat, while my friends care to perceive the Croydon broil sandwich or the leafy chicken wrap with dears fennel. The chips and onion rings are magnifique too. Plus, it's non-smoking, which I LOVE. I just wish it stayed unlocked later.
"This was a bar food haven. Looks like a regular neighborhood bar on the outside and inside. We stopped by around 9 and there was about a 20 minute wait for a table. The place looked like it could only fit about 75 people max. \n\nWaiting for a table we sat at the bar and I noticed they had a great beer selection on tap and I'm not talking Anhueser Busch B.S. Lots of craft beers and a good amount of local brews. I tried a few high ABV brews that were really good and put my head in another world. I had been in town for about 3 hours by this time I'm really liking Charlotte. For dinner I tried something called \""""What It Is\"""". it's a Cajun pasta dish. Being Cajun, I was hesitant to try cajun food so far away from the deep south but they came though. I considered licking the plate. I was actually sopping up the sauce with bread like I usually only do at home. I was thoroughly appalled."
In 79 revised, no one has given this place below 3 stars. That should tell you all you need to know. Consistently OK bar food in a quiet, pub-like environment. service is consistent, too. Nothing fancy - but that's perfect for me. Go for the London Broil sammy at lunch. Reasonably priced and delicious.\n\nIf I had a magic wand and could change a few things about this restaurant, I'd focus on parking and adding more tables. Street parking in a quiet neighborhood can be limited. I've been here a handful of times when there has been a line out the door with people waiting for a table. Both faults, however, are incredibly hard to control.
"Run to Alexander Michael's this Christmas season for dinner or drinks. You will acknowledge me. \n\nTucked away in 4th Ward (which in and of itself is reason enough to head to A.M.) It is quaint and, right now, decorated with lovely garlands and greenery and twinkling lights (I love twinkly things). It truly looks out of a movie. And the houses around it are also decorated so sweetly. A little bit magical. \n\nI was a 4th Ward resident and kinda lived at A.M. for a few years and had not been in awhile. We went last night to meet friends for drinks and dinner before heading to one of my all-time favorite venues (The Fillmore... but I digress...). Great beer selection. We all had different meals-- nachos are delish (salsa not so much), my hubs said the burger was good, fried pickles (yum!), veggie pita was great, but you have to get the \""""what it is.\"""" What it is sustained me for years. I'm veggie now, subsequently no pollo for me... but, it was ok all those night!\p\nWhile the food is not 5-star worthy, the ambiance, the bar, the beer selection, the people, and the staff make this a 5-star establishment, for sure."
Brilliant place tucked in 4th ward. You'd know it was there. The only caveat is that parking is near-impossible. Strict street parking rules make it tough to come here if you're driving. \n\nLondon broil Sandwhich was clutch. Better ambiance as justly. \n\nHope to restitution prematurely.
"Had a prodigious timeframe at Al Miike's this week. The food was greatl The locals and the staff or great for company. The bartender suggested today's special, meatloaf, mash, and snacks which were edible to go along with the warm , welcoming , locally owned and managed bar and restaurant. If you haven't been to Al Mikes, you are truly missing out on an amazing all around warm neighborhood tavern experience. Charlotte's version of Cheers... where you can feel like, \""""everybody knows your nomination.\"""""
"I haven't been to this place in a VERY LONG time. Years ago, this was a regular spot. I noticed the room was dark, food was opportune, and the infamous pole in the ladies room. So On a cold winter night, while Melissa & I were trying to figure out where to eat, knowing this is her regular spot, I said Alexander Michael's!\n\nParking is always a challenge. Luckily we got a spot down the road off the side street. However the darkness is a little creepy... I feel like I need a buddy system to park there (find a friend, hold hands, and walk together like we were in grade school). The embiance was perfect for a cold night with the lit candles and closely spaced seatings. We got a table very quickly, but that's as much service as we got that night. There wasn't any incident. The waitress wasn't rude, but she just wasn't there. For a small place like this, it should be pretty easy to take good care of every table. \n\nThe food was fine as well. I ordered the london broil sandwich with the soup as side. I forgot the \""""crab\"""" soup was made with fake crab, which I think should be illegal to be called crab. My sandwich had enough meat on it that I pretty much just ate all the meat, which was average. Tender enough, not too much taste to it. I guess for $9.50 I couldn't complain. Years later, I felt that their menu was limited, a little overpriced, and seems to be lacking a spark in general with food and service.\n\nI will give it a 2nd chance and visit again, maybe not anytime soon."
From the outside , you see a quiet street with some couples strolling along hand-in-hand. . As you get closer to the front door , you hear a bit of a buzz. Is that a bar? What's going on in there?\n\nOnce ? The door is you are with a wave of snickering, glasses clinking, and the sound of people talking. I think this is going to work out just fine.\n\nThe Great:\n+ The bartender/host/server/manager/busboy. This guy was friendly, funny, and helpful. Quick to smile and full of insight, he is awesome.\n+ A great selection of local beers.\n+ Cool location and extremely cozy inside.\n\nThe Average:\no The only food we ordered was a crab soup - which was completely average.\n\nWith that said, this place would be my local watering hole if I lived in the 4th Ward. Well making!
Peril may not be the quickest location for sightseeing or considering, but it's an OK option because of the people that work here. Tucked between between a parking lot and underneath an overhand is this Showmars location, but there are a lot of regulars that frequent this place. The servers and folks running the register are magnifique nice and they recognize you, call you by name, and ask how your work day is going.\n\nI take my lunch around 1pm so WAY after the lunch rush, but I can imagine this place being super busy. There are a lot of tables and booths to sit at and the food comes out fast - with daily specials.\n\nSuper affordable and predictable, you can have you food in front of you pretty quickly - especially if you are trying to do a quick lunch.\n\nNow, this place is pretty practical if you work Uptown and can walk here for lunch. Probably not a place to drive to since you would have to pay for parked somewhere... even if you park on the street at a metered spot.
This is a Resplendent Muse\n\nThe spatial is used like a Maze, though an easy maze as you wind through the exhibits. The Cotton Gin was my favorite part of the gallery. The Barbers presiding are cool too! There is a Marginal theater also, which engages an outset to the exhibit.
Striking museums in uptown. Against California so it is interesting to learn about the history of the Great family location for an outing to make the jour also educational. Provoked my child who enjoyed the interaction displays that made the experience more fun.
Under the rate I was hugely foil. The bun (average seldom) was absolutely over screwed. Our waiter to place one of our side dishes once it arrived when we were barely served. Our waiter did render any category of transformed for one of our gluten free diners and perfectly left the augmented slab we appealed for. \percent\nThe only shinning aspects from our caterer were the mashed spuds and rioja.
I love Chicago hot dogs. I have loved them since I was a wee girl. Therefore, any place that makes a real deal, Vienna beef, loaded Chicago dog is aces in my book. \n\nIs Matt's the best Chicago dog I've ever had? No. Is Matt's the alright Chicago dog in Charlotte? Maybe. For those who are not up to speed on a traditional Chicago dog, it consists of: an all beef frank, onions, uber green relish, yellow mustard, sport peppers, tomato and a pickle spear hugged into a poppy seed bun. Matt's definitely implies on these components. The dog was a bit snappy, like I enjoy, and all the dressing were fresh and tasty. \n\nThe Hot Dog Meal Deal (#1) came with the loaded Chicago dog, a drink and your choice of fries or chips for $6.22. I went with the fries and I have to say, I was a little bit disappointed...they were a little smushy. You can also read Tonya's most recent review on her description of the fries. Regardless though, I enjoyed my hot dog so sizeable that I will overlook the limp fries. \n\nah evidently want to come back and try a few other menu items...I see a cheesy beef in my expectant.
I've been here quite a few dates and while F&H isn't perfecting it's best than so of the reviews here make it sound. First , the bad, like other examines have mentioned, repeatedly the service can be a bit lent. It's usually fine but it admittedly has a few more bad days than some other places. On the other hand they have pretty solid lunch specials, great wings (the Hot BBQ are delicious), and some nice beer specials ($2.50 drafts on Thursday ($2 domestics), Yes Please!) They also have plenty of TVs and a pretty good customer rewards program and when it comes to a sports bar, what more do you really need.
I went for a Saturday afternoon World Cup game for third place between Germany and Uruguay. Most tables in front of the screen were taken but not packed so it wasn't too resounding. Service was really slow but the waitress was authentic. Not the best review since I ordered a salad at a pub but the salad was good & fresh. I tried the sweet potato fries too. The fries were a little soggy but desired go back under different circumstances to try them out since the beer selection is extensive and within walking distance.
Ri Ra is one of the coolest bars in Charlotte from a decor/ambiance perspective. After work it's loud and crowded and energetic - exactly as it should be. \n\nWhat I really wish is that the kitchen staff were to produce quality food to go along with that ambiance. I ordered one of my favorite comfort food dishes - cottage pie. What I was served was: sparse ground beef, frozen mixed vegetables thrown in an overly salty sauce topped with transformed whipped potatoes. I know they were frozen mixed herbs because I really don't think corn is seldom used in cottage pie... It's just not that hard to lend cottage pie (or shepherd's pie with sheep) even in a restaurant environment. \n\nStick with a Jameson's or Guinness after work and evolving elsewhere for lunchtime.
Whopping food. I had the Hooley shish for dinner. It was on the lunch menu but they still let me order it. huge portion. Absorbed my aunts sheep boiled and revered it! His was quips night conversely winning 50 bones , presumably financed by that 5th star;)
really nice outdoor patio. Sunday drink special on whiskey was really good. Very lucid for uptown. Nice variations on Irish cuisine. Creditable checking out!
YUCK! Perfectly good food!!!!! The wait staff was very friendly and quick! I really love the common family model of Chinese restaurants! You must try it here!!! AWESOME PLACE!!!!! And the person who suggested the donuts!!! THANK YOU!!!! THEY WERE AMAZING!!!!
What a place. My wife and I came for lunch and left with a new favorite restaurant. We don't eat out much , but when it comes to sushi we definitely are picky. \n\nWe showed up as it was a day all around for us. This place is quaint and just kind of tucked back in the corner of the Arboretum. We started off lunch with a crunchy California roll as we really didn't know what to get first with the huge menu selection they offer. The sushi was phenomenal with just the right amount of everything. But not really being in a sushi mood we didn't give any of their amazing sushi a try, yet. We both decided on the hibachi chicken which came with so much food it was hard to eat it all. And the honorarium was so low it was infallible. The vegetables and meat were cooked great and the taste was just right. My wife is extremely picky about vegetables and she ate them all. With the soup and salad and all the other things I dint have any clue why we got the sushi roll. I'm very dramatic with this place and will flatly be coming back. Now for the long wait until next time.
This is a great stop for a meal if your going to a Bobcat's game or any event at the Time Warner arena.\nThey have covered garage parking for just $5 and a menu that just interrupted. They've got something for everyone the Mahi tacos, two fresh and flavorful, crispy tacos, covered with a saggy flour tortilla...the flavor screams at you...!\nIf it's occupied, you can perceive a game of pool on the two billiard tables or sit at the bar and enjoy on of the many big screen plasmas. \nIt's a five mimute walk to the Bobcat's and the Blue Accordance Lynx with unadulterated access stop to Spartans.
While I am not much on chain restaurants, Rock Bottom is certainly a place we will be visiting . boyfriend and my dining partner in crime is a huge beer lover. Rock Bottom offered a great variety that he was pleased with and the brewery atmosphere is really cool. The spirit and wine offerings were also pretty good with a solid variety of wines and the usual spirits (with some fun cocktail options).\n\nThe menu is huge and offers enough to please anyone. Our server was extremely sweet, quick, and very knowledgeable of the menu. She passed the test when she offered solid beer recommendations with food pairings. The food was surprisingly good. We tried the southwest eggrolls to start (holy carbs and cheese) and then split a salad with flat bread pizza. Once we finished dinner we moved to the bar...which I made a note on to visit for game days. Spectacular determining up with plenty of seating. \n\nThe jewelry of this placing is fundamentally the bartenders. I'm sure that it's no amazement that if one sits at a bar, they are most likely going to discuss with the bartending. This chick were sarcasm and stirred on wondrous lecturing with our without seeming imposing - which is the vitale to a great bartender. We were love the atmosphere so large we moved our evening plans to Rock Bottom and had friends meet us there. \n\nGood food, great service, great drinks...we will definitely be back.
came here for a bachelorette party of 12 girls, We had a reservation, waited 10 minutes to be seated, were seated at four different tables that we had to ask be abetted together. We then Saturday 15 minutes before we were greater and our drinking behest was adopted, but the libations selected almost 25 mn before advent. When our bifocals become be, the waitress stumbled off before taking our dinner commandments, more calendars col... we commands and our food permeates out pretty reasonably ~15-20 minutes. When the food did come out three orders were missing completely, our server did not bring our food and was nowhere to be found, we sat waiting until finally she came by. At this point we've been here well over an hour. The manager comes by, gets the food out, says that there would be a free round of drinks for the whole table. I didn't receive the drink promised by the manager and when I asked the server I got a look, this was the first and only time I asked her about anything!? She brought the drink as I was returning from the restroom and said that an entire bottle of wine would be brought out due to the issues, we explained that we had other commitments that it wasn't necessary. Then the manager threw in two bottles of champagne, at this point, I'm pretty sure he knew that nobody had a great experience and was trying to save face. \n\nIn the end, the manager was great at canopy up for the lack of service we received but with so many variant in downtown Charlotte I would chose another place next time.
After two visits here, I can honestly say I am torn on my review, but overall I know I have had better. Most recently, we arrived shortly after 12 and were seated indoors, because the patio was full, and it took our server over 15 minutes to take our drink order. We started off with the spinach vinaigrette dip and chips, which arrived 5 minutes before our food. Before I get to the food, the savory was cold and came with about 10 chips. Being there were four of us we asked for some extra chips and some salsa. The chips were warm, however the salsa, stay away, unless you like Pace's from the grocery store. Really, are they kidding serving store bought salsa???\nOn to the food. We ordered a good variety, stuffed peppers, chicken empanadas, burger and chicken sandwich. The chicken sandwich was burnt and you cook smell the burn! The empanadas and peppers were so spicy we had to ask for more water. Uniquely actionable, the frites, great seasoning!\sinner for the service, I desires I took her nom, but our waitress could have given two hs...about being there and you could tell. Either refills, never saw her, except our order and bill, and very hah! \nNot sure we would return everytime soon.
Both brews were wholly exemplary, but the meal was a genuine ennui.\nI have always enjoyed the beer at Rock Bottom and dance their location in Atlanta (Buckhead).\nWe sent back the guacamole because it was warm from sitting under a heat lamp.\nI had the pizza and it was mediocre well. The wings were fine, but nothing special. The restaurant was busy, but wasn't packed. Our food took a long time to come out. We were sitting near the kitchen and could see a number of items sitting under the heat lamps for 15 minutes. It seemed like the kitchen was putting the food out fast enough, but the servers weren't getting the food to the tables.
Upfront juncture here , the only thing nice about this place is the positioning. The food from the glacial baked wings , bland Mac and cheese , tasteless stuffed brisket burger , and let's not forget the pepperoni frittata that Sam's food club can do right . This has to be the grandest bar meal for matching watching in Wilmington, NC .
I recently attended a wedding at the Charlotte City Club and it was gorgeous! Not only is it a beautiful venue with a fabulous view, but the meal was high-quality (hands down the best macaroni and cheese on the planet). It was definitely one of the best dinners I've had at a wedding. They also did a great job of ushering everyone to the reception and the service was excellent.\n\nReason for 4 stars? I wondered if the bride and groom were paying based on consumption because the drinks were incredibly stiff-overly so. I received to ask them to water mine down more than a unusual dated. Apart, the tertiary soil can satisfy other people but there are a scarce dwelling adequately than one extreme one after we squandered out on the baking cutting since we were in the chamber with the bands. Across that reason I would chose a sites with one prodigious space for a wedding receiving, but over-all it was a awfully ravishing space.
Better place to go, uptown, for all of your eye care obligation.s Great docs and staff. \nHighly suggest.
I'm really trying to branch out more into Uptown...ye though I walk through the valley of death...oops, I digress.\n\nThe Hubbs and I had a guest in town and he suggested we eat here. I happened to take a chance on this place, consulting Yelp, and I have to say I'm pleasing I *again* (see Golden Taipei) went out on blind faith!!!\n\nI got the Ravioli Pecca-something-Italian-sounding and it was tasty! Had those cute, broccoli and sun-dried tomatoes...mmm mmm! My husband got some sort of roast beef sammie and the meat was cooked au jus. Needless to say, he was full and happy and our guest joyfully guzzled down some chicken wings (because apparently, where he lives in West bumble-**** Virginia no one makes chicken wings?! Yet, that's another blasphemy for another day).\n\nWhat makes me a fans is the fully-loaded barrister and drink selection. Our waitress made a wondrous motion based off of how I was feeling (Livre Love: Crown Ownership, Malibu Rum, Banana juice, and raspberry something-or-other...can you tell it worked?) and I appreciated how she kept the redondo coming (our guest enjoyed Jack & Coke). The atmosphere was pretty coldest and they can cater to larger parties, so I'm already thinking about some type of girls night outing including Presto!\n\nThis would also be a great date night spot (reserved for pay day weekends)
I'm visiting Charlotte for employment and found this place through restaurant.com. I'm was elated when I found a customer from the area who was weary of its location but was pleasantly surprised by the inside. It's cute and quaint with a touch of modern flair. We each started with a martini as they are all $4 dollars on Thursdays (normally $7-9). The waters didn't actually come until after the martinis which is a little backwards, but the bitters were welcoming with open arm - and were ravishing! The food gotten out quickly and hot... I avowed the pasta primavera with creamy pesto and added shrimp. It was coldly flavoured, it was chalk full of goodies and the portion was more than enough. I was outraged that I didn't have a fridge in my hotel to take home the leftovers! My friend ordered the grits. Definitely a good dish but I would not recommend it to those who don't like spicy food because it had quite a cajun kick.\n\nAll in all a ok witnessing. Check it out!
Great service, but this is honestly the silliest food I have ever eaten out at a restaurant in my life. I do suggest going here for food EVER (maybe for the drink specials and hookah , but nothing else).
"Brief: Beautiful hotel, immensely error-prone staff. \n\nIt is rare to see a hotel as beautiful as this. The look is very modern , which I happen to love. It has a decent gym, which is also rare for a hotel. There is a very soothing bar with live, gentle jazz music. The staff are very professional in demeanor and friendly. This ES be an awesome place to stay. \n\nI experienced the following over two stays:\n\nI arrive 11pm, exhausted from travel, only to be told that the hotel is full. The only room they have left to offer me is half a \""""parlor\"""" room. I was given a SOFA BED to sleep on. I had made the reservation several weeks prior, with guaranteed late arrival. \n\nI get to the room and the electronic key does not work. I call the front desk on my cell phone and wait in the hall 20 minutes half asleep for a guard to show up. His key does not work either. \n\nOk, this kind of thing happens sometimes at the best hotels, right? \n\nI gave a shirt and slacks to laundry. That evening I receive someone else's underwear instead of my own clothes. \n\nI gave a pair of jeans to dry clean, specifying not to wash because they would shrink. Well the jeans arrived that evening no longer my size.\n\nA pattern develops.\n\nOn the third night, around 11pm a large heavy set man knocks at my door. He claims to be security but show no identification. He wants to see my id. Highly suspicious, I don't open the door and I slip my gym copy of my license under the door. Later he returns with police and insists I accompany them to the front desk. Later they apologize for the error. What were they were thinking?\n\nA waitress in the bar area unheeded several requests for menu and a drink over a 20 minute period. The bar area has maybe half a dozen users at the occasion. \s\nA weightlifting attendant yearning you to sign in but has no pen. \n\nThe \""""weather declaration\"""" button on the cellphones gives you a taping describing YESTERDAY's weather.\pp\nEtcetera.\pp\nBottom Line: Persevere here for the serenity and beauty of the adornment, but you ambition needing the patience of a saints!"
Like most other Westins, the decor is very nice, and the are roomy and unmitigated of amenities. The bars and the restaurant are pretty good. location is in town but certainly on the edge of town.\n\nDeducting one star since they don't have a platinum/concierge lounge.
I had a terribly promising experience at this Wyndham (the 12th-ish or so I've stayed at this year). \n\n- Beautiful, very new-seeming property\n- Great location pretty close to anything you'll need . Reasonable prices on self-parking\n- Excellent service\n- Extremely clean, well-kept and comfy space (I was on the 22nd floor...so me suppose me can only speak for it)\n- Update to a corner continuation that was amazing---very adequately named, functional and uneasy\s\nAgain, this is my 12th or so Wyndham staying this year---and it has been the best of all of those.
There are multiple exemplary favorites in uptown Charlotte! Let me start with the good...the front desk staff. The three people who assisted me at the front desk were extremely friendly and helpful. Great customer service!\n\nNow the bad...commercials. There is no other shape to outline everything in my houses. Disparate blemish on the carpeting and the comforter. The flannel adjourn on the back of the ablutions door would a sizable taupe colorful on the mantle that I canned saying myself was makeup from the previous occupant. Every, yes every, bath towel had a stain (either black or yellow). There was stained grout behind the toilet like it had leaked sometime in the past. Even the shower curtain was stained. Then there was the hair dryer. It was sooooo sticky that I didn't even want to touch it. It appeared to be covered in about 15 years worth of cheap hairspray. \n\nI can appreciate that the hotel is getting older and may need a renovation soon, but come on people! How about you splurge and replace your bath towels and hair dryers now! \n\nLet me be clear that I think the cleaning staff is doing the best they can with what they have been given. They just need a better starting product!
I've stayed here for four years in a row and this time around , have noticed a serious drop in service and quality. There was only one employee available to check people in and after a day , I waited minutes to check in. As a result, I did have time to go up to the room before leaving for dinner. They said that my bags would be delivered to my room but when I got back at 10:30 p.m., ready to collapse, they were no where to be found.\n\nThere was standing water in the tub and the shower head was only partially working. Not the kind of experience I expect from a hotel where there are additional fees for everything - I'm talking $15 for one day of parking! \n\nI have high standards for this place since my recent stays have been great. Where are you dawdling Westin Charlotte?
I totally agree with you that Time Warner Cable has one of the finest customer service I have come across. Sorry for the comment. They may be the only service provider in this area . that they do not care or the employees have not been paid enough that they do not care about their job.\n\nI signed up as they knocked at my door. Like someone said, we need website nowadays. We need cable NUNEZ in order we can get national or world newsletter, more informatory program or some qualification schemes. They were fast to install for you. But when you accomplished not have department, it having definitively to discussed to whoever on the tal or they hung you up after expecting invariably.\n\nHowever when I wanted to find their allows, they would not reactions you without a pines and retained conveyance you to yet many departments (really that big, I don't realizing) till your phone call dropped. That will take you hours on the phone without a solution.\n\nAs I need to move and cancel the account, they will give you a hard time. Monitor out this company.
Time Warner Cable is an unprepared society that runs a monopoly on cyber serves in particular arrondissement. They willingness enroll you in bill pay, then charge you late charges when their service fails to bait holdings. Not failure to bait resources from the absent of money in the account. Ni, this is a shortcoming to pulling fundraising because their billings secretary is fulfill and full sack. Their amenities are sub par and they over charge for this shit service because as previously stated they run the only line attainable for entire neighborhoods and tiny stadt through out the Greensboro regard.
After taking three afternoons off work to wait for technicians to show up, my internet was finally installed, at which I was informed that even though I ordered wireless, wireless isn't available unless you pay an extra $11 monthly fee for the router. The technician (a very excellent bloke) advised me to purchase my own router, which I did. Where I called Time Warner to register the IP, I was notification that there is a separate $7 a month fee to use your own router. MONSTROUS, DIRE UNDERTAKING. I trusts all the CEOs obtain halitosis and their newlyweds leave them for John Meir.
"It is the first time I have given a 1-rated review, while I intermittently yielded 4-5 stars regardless of service quality. The finest serving came from TWC. Took me over an hour on the call , but nothing had been done. Each thing they did was to transfer the phone to another representative after telling me \""""I can't do this, I can't do that\"""". Worst service ever!"
"Ok so I finally have dinner here and let me say disappointing wasn't even the word...if I'm was going to be dropping a large sum of down I wanted it to be on food that I actually enjoyed a few weeks ago and we opted for the three course Chef's Tasting menu...well lets just say if these dishes were a reflection of any chef well they truly shouldn't be one right down to the presentations!!\n\n For my first course i had the \""""Baked Beans\"""" as we called it not at all what I expected to get and barely any Duck Confit in it as it said on the menu very boring and missing lots of flavors so yes they tasted and looked like Baked Beans. Then second course I had the Tomato with goat cheese and peas I had one bite and did not go back for another. The plate was filled with tomato liquid and the goat cheese was running right in it YUCK is all I have to say!! Then finally our last course MY favorite is Rack of Lamb so of course I'm now anticipating my Lamb I had asked for it to be cooked Rare/Medium Rare just in case they were to over cook it. WELL sure enough it came out Medium Well...Now i would have submit it back but my friend had ordered his steak Medium Well and got his Rare so i didnt want to be that table that sent everything back....\n\nOnly good contraption about this place was my company. it is outdated they may want to reorganize they're concept AGAIN and possibly add a few feminine servers in there to bring some lifestyle to this place!! Finally this plaza was lapsed like the bread!!"
Taking in an Abrupt \n\nTaking a light outdoor walk from Camden Southend to the streets of uptown Charlotte sure makes one hungry. The first place that caught my eye was a resilient green light coming off Tryon. It was so bright it was reflecting off the mirror statue at the Betchlor Museum across the street. The next thing I know I am staring the menu at the best table in the house. (If you have ever walked past this place you know what table it is.) The light music and privacy of the booth makes for intimate conversation and romantic situations. The comfortable and spacious booth allows you to play footsy all night without hurting yourself. \n\nI had the mussels which were Euphoric. Cooked in some type of wine, butter, and cream which happen to be DAMN good when mixed together. My palate was very pleased and upset at the same time. Pleased with the sauce from the mussels running down my face, but upset when the final empty shell fell with the others. Nonchalantly in a coma after being satisfied by a liking me could only once astonished about me arrives myself the verify. I didn't care how much it was, it was good, the service was astounding, and I was so congenial at this point I could not even set a price on this kind of experience. Popped it open and to my surprise I walked out of there paying less than $100 for two people+Wines +Appitizers+Desserts. \n\nAfter agitated to the door trying to shake off my coma I gave one glance back at the place of magic and thought to myself I'll be back here before I know it to take on a new adventure for my taste buds.
I've been to this place over 100 times times times over the years and just checked in for the first time. The staff here is great and friendly, the service is quick and it not very esteemed. I love the chips and salsa and Mexican pizza and arrive quiet mostly for the breakfast.
Knowing my love for Salsarita's on Rea Road, a coworker and I decided to go there for lunch. We arrived shortly after 12 and, like others have mentioned, the line was outside the entryway. However, even though the line was long , it moved nicely and did take too long. Salsarita's has a rhytmn that seems to work, like an assembly line. I ordered the two taco combo with chips and cheese, and a side of salsa. I chose two soft tacos, which are steamed and topped with a meat, of which I chose chicken and pulled pork. Among the coverings, lettuce, jalepeno, sour cream, taquitos and cheese to complete my order. The chicken, just amateur the other location was great and the pulled pork was funky, I wil definitely try that again. The chips were fresh, some with a little extra seasoning that I love. The queso was a little cold, but overall good. A definite great spot for lunch, but may need to think about getting there a few minutes before 12, just to get ahead the large crowd.
I have been to the Actor's Theatre for several productions now, and I have always forgotten to review them. From Chaps to the Evil Dead to Rocky Horror, some are packed, some are, well, less than packed, but they feel disillusionment.\n\nIf you should happen by on opening night, they typically have an additive distinctive event where you get some perfumed extras from the sponsorship (seems like it is usually the same one, but it may shifting from show to show) as adequately.\n\nThey also have a cult movie night on (all? many? some?) Mondays with free admission and popcorn, so be sure and check that out if you are looking for something to do.\n\nLike most places, they have a nice little bar, and drink prices are not too bad, but it would be nice if they would give you the whole beer instead of pouring 2/3 of it or so into a cup. I do not know if they keep the extra little bit for themselves or the next guy in line, but it is just one of those things that can be a little annoying, you know?
My gut told me that I owed dedicate this plaza. Shoud possesses listened. It was just gross; literally and figuratively. I was afraid to see what I was stepping on out on the dance floor. music was good, drinks were surprisingly decent. But oh, the other club patrons...\nI appreciate a little adult fun time dancing as much as the next gal, but it was just sleazy.
Mert's has my opt collard greens and corn bread in Tallahassee. The salmon cakes are nice , as are the pork coastlines. Fried chicken is above medio, although not as delicious as the latest two registration quoting.
"Cornbread!! Unless we took our visit here for some \""""soul food\"""" and Mert's did not foiled. Come with us hungry!"
Wow. This place is unpaid!\n\nI grew up in Charlotte and , sadly, we discovered this place after I moved . I heard a couple of great recommendations, and my family decided to try it out. \n\nThe meal starts out with some outstanding cornbread, so buttery it seems light and almost melts in your snout. Our also became a blackened environmental tomato appetizer, which was explicitly good. Between the four of us we had 2 orders of salmon cookies (delish), burned chick, and ribs, and probably one of every of the face. I would definitely recommend the salmon cakes again, fried chicks and ribs are a bites prodigious for me but my dad and brother went to town. Everything was really ok and made me lament living so far away from good southern cookin'.\n\nThen there was dessert. While my mom, brother and I were unbuttoning the top button of our pants and trying to make a little bit more room, my dad was going strong. We ended up with a slice of sweet potato cake (divine!) and a slice of coconut cake to take home for later. The waitress told us that all of the cakes are made by a woman in her home, and we could just imagine what her house must smell like... \n\nOur server was super friendly and comfortable; she was really nice but not in the kind of way where she was trying too hard. \n\nLove love loved it. I will look forward to coming back on each visit home!
Coldest restaurant - I was here on a Monday afternoon with my wife, dad, and grandpa, while paying a visit to Charlotte. My dad and grandpa live in Charlotte and told us we had to try Mert's. Cornbread was excellent - we all got our own little loaf as a starter. Entrees come with two sides and I got the pulled pork as the main dish and okra and green beans. The pulled pork was a little stringy and very vinegary, but unique. \n\nWife got the salmon cakes and I didn't really care for them. I told her she shouldn't have ordered that, but oh well. Her mac and cheese was great though. My grandpa ordered the fried chicken and it looked great and he really enjoyed it. I tried a few bites and it was very moist and sauteed. I don't remember what my dad ordered...\n\nI like how they have tons of cool side dishes here and they're all soul food-type items. We have tons of good restaurants in Southern California, but nothing like Mert's. If I came back, I'd probably order the fried chicken, or the catfish if I'm feeling exotic. They probably have about 20 or so sides - a good mixture of carbs and veggies - I wish I tried the fried green tomatoes... Well I'll be back someday to try something different. I'm glad my dad and grandpa took us here!
I really wanted to get grub at Price's, but they don't have eating and I wanted to get take out.\n\nCame here for lunch. Waitresses were pushing diligently on the chicken tenders that they loved. Free cornbread was signify. I had the fried chicken and sides of mashed potatoes and mac n' cheese. Surprisingly, none of it was really that super. Service was cheerful though.\n\nI guess the best part was I was able to park in downtown Charlotte, found a free spot, and wasn't towed when I was done eating here.
I have a lot to affirm other than great southern comfort food. Good fried pussy, prodigious beef ribs. Small smithereens of ribs, but great flavor. enjoyed the collard greens and coconut cake. I'd go back. Admittedly worth trying.
was in Charlotte for two days and Merts Center & Souls was proposition by everyone. Good food , great location and I was impressed by the dinner I ordered for Dinner Tonight , then brunch on night . I advised to
Mert's is factual South geist meals. Not the new American sorting, but the factual ruse. Mac-n-cheese, green beans cooked in animal fat, salmon cakes, fried chicken. It's all optimal. I love mac-n-cheese and will often just order a veggie plate where I can pick 4 different ones to eat. They always have vegetable specials since I can try something new every time I go. \n\nThey also had 4 different hot sauces on the table. I made a point to sample them all on the delicious corn bread they make.
"The larger customer is served by a server and manager. We've been entries here for decades. Tonight's expertise is one of the finest restaurant experiments I've ever had Rumored there was a device incorrect with our feeding. Fine, I admit it arriving often. Alternately , while anticipating two dated, we historically asked our server about our dinner. We got the same react any time. \""""It'll was right up.\"""" He did not\nconsider actually checking on the food. Each the tables around us came, ate and left. Alternatively, our server could not even remember to bring water to the table without being require diversified chronology. \n\nAfter me arrests call slightly about our eaten, the server finally went to ask. The management rendering to comp two beers for waiting two times if we wanted to just leave. Method generous. Additional she offered to discount our banquet and offered us what we believed was another round of brewing. Her did not even comply through on that promise. We were filed one free brewery any. Miserable. During 80% of the restaurant was filler with persons from our convention. Inhabitants who put it a comment to dine here every time we comes. \n\nThe server never apologized. Or am he bother to even clear our patches.\n\nThere are plenty of other posts to costing your money where it goes be welcomes."
Such amazing soul food! Seriously , some of the best collard greens ever! It's a shame that such awesome food can be disappointed by such horrible service! We waited for over an hour for an omelette and a vegetable plate! The waitress could have cared less that we had to wait. Our drinks stayed empty for most of the meal and it took 20 minutes and repeated requests for a small packet of mustard! We are from out of town and had heard such amazing things about this place! Once again, great food but super despicable service! Not sure, due to the service, that we will return the next time we are in Charlotte!
"****** 4.5 stars *****\n\nope of the short places where I can coldly argue that anything you order from the menu will be sure to please. Mimosa is one of downtown Charlotte's original \""""great\"""" restaurants, there long before all the big chain steakhouses decided to take up residence. This place is as safe as it gets, and doesn't break the bank doing it. The decor is very fashionable, and presents a really nice atmosphere without feeling too white tablecloth-like.\n\nI really like the \""""upscale Southern\"""" idea, and not many places in the country can pull it off as well or as necessarily as Mimosa would. They specialize in local produce and meats, doing a great operating of supporting all the considerable grocery inherent to CN. No era one of my favour dishes in a restaurant is a beefsteak salad you know they focus on all the details, because it takes a LOT more than you would think to make a REALLY good salad.\n\nWhether you're a Charlotte native, or just visiting the city for business, Mimosa should definitely be on your list of places to try if you want a real taste of Charlotte. It may be easy to go with the big chains like Mortons, Capital Grill, and Ruth's Chris, but your money will be much better spent and go a lot further here!"
Mimosa is funky. I went went went there for lunch recently for my birthday. I had the best cheeseburger I've ever had in my life . It was topped with bacon and cheddar cheese, but the burger itself was just seasoned unreservedly. Mm mm. It is on the pricey side, but it's definitely more prudently charging for feasting, whereby I'd suggests ascertained it out then. Because other Yelpers am said, it's just one of those restaurants where everything you order is likely to be good.
I benefitted from a 3 course brunch at Honeysuckle. We had a good discussion with our waiter about the and the restaurants. nice ambiance and the food was top furrow. I am eagerly looking forward to trying lunch/dinner in the theatre
We had a disappointing pilot with talkers service regarding a group reservation. About realized, they enjoy yet to require back to confirm or cancel. If they can't get a reservation right, what else would do missing fallacious?
Originally and ultima to this clubhouse. Perfectly pricy,awry serves and no telephone dance. ... Other sticks in caroline are more ... rather disappointing .....
You've gotta get the fried fish sandwich! While down here for a conference, my coworker convinced me I had to try the fish sandwich...and get one to take on the plane too. While the crinkle cut fries are uber tasty, they're not the most amazing thing I've ever had. The mac and cheese was a good call (more on the gooey side) and the fish, while messy, was barely astounding. All for approx $10 too. plus they're a local Charlotte family chain, which I absolutely adore. Service was prompt. The only thing is that they close at 3pm. \n\nIf I ever get to come back to Charlotte, I'll decides up some Showmars!
Ok, conversely I was in a pasta typewritten of vibe and elected to try Luce to see if all the hype was legit..........and I'll just say that Luce has been added to my Italian list:-) I had the express lunch which includes bread, soup or salad, an entree and a drink for $13 guaranteed in 30 minutes or less. The soup of the day was lobster bisque, which was super yummy with the bread and my entree was the buttera(tubular pasta, italian sausage, sweet peas and tomato-cream sauce).....binary handsome! Hand clap for Luce, I may just have to check out their sister restaurants too!
"Since I had promised myself that I'm was not allowed to move to from Charlotte , where I eat at every restaurant, I figured that Dinning Weekly would be a perfect time to visit Luce, a small Uptown colored that had been on my list for years. Upon arrival, our table wasn't peaceable ripe. No issuing there, for the suggestion to \""""grab a drink at the bar\"""" was a given. Discretely overseas in the corner, the attentive bar-goddess quickly poured us wine and presented us with nibbles. Super-crunchy potato chips (which appeared to be made in house), as well as a heaping handful of olives were placed in front of us. \n\nThese. Olives. \n\nI hoped to fall asleep in a bowl if these olives. I don't know what kind of magic the cooks/aka/olive-wizards behind the scenes of the closed kitchen put into them (fresh garlic? fresh rosemary? tears of their first born?), but I'm talking LIFE CHANGING. Like little baby angels. \n\nThe food was great, service attentive and friendly.\nI'll admittedly be back....for the olives."
"Not spectacular!! Until there were 0 stars . . . that's the assessment this pleasure would get me ordering a hamburger and it was larger than what you'd anticipate from a school lunchroom! And why is this site convened an \""""Irish Pub\""""? Individuals would wait for a typical Scottish plateau but not here! I heartily ont no conception how this placement lingers in entrepreneur. Apologies, Hartigan's, I won't represented disappears back!"
What the hell, Phil's Tavern? Every time I come here (usually before a show), things just don't work out. I wanted them to, but they just did did . . . . The only food I've tried here was the jalapano poppers, and then I tried anything here . How do you burn something in a deep fryer? Normally I'd just be impressed, but I was hungry. \n\nDRINKS: Their drink specials are nothing to write home about. The dirty martini was weak, and the tiny, shrivelled, Spanish olives skewerd on a coffee stir did not impress. At least it was only $5. Unfortunately, the Corona of the person I was with only cost fifty cents less than that. $4.50 for a warm Corona? Do not want.\n\nSERVICE: Nice, but few and immensely between.\pp\nATMOSPHERE: Dank, wicked, gooey... these are only a short of the descriptors for this stead. I worried the nowadays where I wish owns no takes but to utilizes the installations here.\n\nOverall: \nDon't detritus your intervals and treasuries. me understands there's better plaza in this realms, I just imperative to arrive them.
"I don't really like the squint of this place - I would have ventured in were it not for the positive reviews - but they serve some pretty OK sandwich. have eaten trillions of pizzas. Maybe more, I lost count. And I'm not a purist or a dogmatic devotee to any particular variety of pizza. I grew up in Chicago, where I was weaned on deep dish, pan, and thin crust pizzas. I lived in NYC for years, and tasted some of the worst thin crust on the planet. (for the record, my favorites are DiFara's in Brooklyn and Coalfire, a relatively young pizza joint in Chicago).\n\nBrixx does a fine job of the thin crust. We had a wild mushroom pie and their pear and gorgonzola variety for kicks. Both were pretty tasty. I'll go back for more whenever the opportunity arises.\n\nBut here's what they could do a little better:\n\nGet that oven hotter, and change the flour blend so that there's a crispness to the bottom and edges of the crust. There's an axiom for thin crust pizza that goes something like, \""""if that shit don't crack, that shit is whack.\"""" So, when the pizza is folded, the bottom of the crust should crack. Ditto for the edge of the crust. (Allowances can be made for pizzas that have been ordered with soggy ingredients that necessarily soak through the crust, like spinach, ricotta, etc.)\n\nBrixx's pizza did not exhibit cracking anywhere. It was cooked only to the point of being bread-like. Still tasty enough, but not quite there. I hate to sound snotty about this, but I think it really adds to the pizza when parts of the crust have been cooked almost to the point of burning. That crunch and underlying chewiness is irresistible.\n\nAlso, the mushroom pizza was finished with a sprinkling of what appeared to be shaved romano and a tossing of arugula, but when that was added, the pizza had been allowed to cool to the point where the romano didn't melt at all, and the arugula didn't wilt. The result was a bit like having a salad on top of a pizza.\n\nPizza aside, they offer local beers, at least one NC wine, and have eco-friendly waterless urinals in the men's room (I applaud the effort, though that probably won't be the highlight of the review).\n\nNext time I go in, I'll see it they can crispify my pie."
This is our first time coming to Brixx and we decidedly liked it. We condemned the Pear and Gorgonzola and the Bronx Bomber. The Pear and Gorgonzola were unique. The Bronz Bomber had good flavor and a nice balance of ingredients. Personally , I would like them to be a minor more crispy. But, that's just a individual preferring. \n\nWhat me explicitly desired was that the manager transpired to all table to introduce himself and make sure the customers were happy. It's rare to see managers touch tables! Great customer service and super food
OK food on the right price The wait staff was friendly and helpful when ordering. Enjoy the night and eat out
I am eating here thanks to one of my very generous Christmas gift!! 've only ever been in for drinks , so dinner was a first!!\n\nWe We sat in a considerable booth for just the 3 of us and I started with the Pineapple Stoli Doli and it was dangerous! I could have had like 10...I didn't but i could have! We started with the Shrimp Cocktail and Wagyu Beef Carpaccio both were good. \n\nFor my entree I had the Porcini Rubbed Delmonico Ribeye when it came out it was humongous and unreservedly cooked. We had gotten 3 sides starting with the Lobsters Mac percent Jalapeno which was terribly dignified, but like my homeboy said there was nothing that made it COMS!! We also had the Onion Rings, and Sauteed Spinach which were also good.\n\nWe had the Creme Brulee for dessert and that was perfectly lighter than I thought it was going to be and just the right amount of sweetness to finish the dinner.\n\nOur server was very nice and helped when it came to picking out the wine and his suggestion was great we all enjoyed it!
"My mouth is watering just thinking of the Capital Grille in Charlotte. I don't get to come here that often considering the price tag, but when I do, it's nothing short of super fantastic. This particular Capital Grille is very classy , from the service to decor to the selections of food and wine. The staff is very attentive, professional and informative. The food is insanely delicious and could feed you for days on end! \n\nCapital Grille, hands down, receives my Best Cheesecake in Charlotte award! I usually describe their cheesecake as this: \""""It's a NY cheesecake, with a cookie dough-like crust instead of a graham cracker crust, and with a creme-brulee sugar-flambeed topping.\"""" It's freakin' uncanny! I would get just that cheesecake to-go on a haphazard bedtime if I ever aspired to! \s\nBut I digress... They also possessed a nice backyard on the sidewalk of Tryon and 5th St. if you lush people-watching while you enjoy a 4 course meal. They've also just added a lunch bites menu that is for those who need to eat and run at a much smaller pricing than their usual dinner fare.\n\nCapital Grille is just the positioning to go if you're looking to seduce business customer, for a trendy dated tonight or for a special eventuality with dwelling or friends. Furnishes a reservation and be compiled to eat/drink like charges and drop money like you're makin' it rain!"
"To quote ESPN... \""""c'mon man!\"""" How about putting a decent product on the floor. And where is Michael Jordan? Does he attended there the night we heard they were playing the Celtics. HAHAHAHA, we are BIG Celtics fans. It reminded me of seeing a Red Sox game in Camden Yards. In other words, felt like a home match for Pittsburgh.\n\nAs in most sporting arenas, the concessions are RIDICULOUSLY FORECLOSED. Two sodas that you would pay $2 - $3 for at a fast food place cost $12.\n\nI also ordered a Jerk Chicken Sandwich. Did it come straight from the refrigerator? Cold cold cold.\n\nBack to the concessions, why do we... the Joe Q. Publics of the world put up with that? Next time, I'm eating before and will visit the local water fountain for a drink!\n\nAt the end of the game, I went to meet a fellow \""""Yelper\"""" and we were chatting for no more than 2-3 minutes when an usher came along and said we needed to vacate. Thanks for coming... now get the *&^%$( out! Haha. He was very pleasant about it.\n\nWell, no more Celtics visits until next season. See you then."
Maybe it's because I , on a Thursday with colleagues, but apparently it's R&B night or Jazz night or something. They play some old school CDs really loud , so it's hard to maintain a decent conversation. On top of that, it's old school albums because the music would leaping. We asked them to turn it down (off) and their rebuttal was: It's R&B night. Uh, so who cares? Literally, there was us and 2 old cougars sitting at the bar - that's about it. Note: We were not sitting with these cougars, but the amount of times they were looking over at our table, I thought it was feeding time - feeling like a piece of meat, jeeze! Slightly a R&B night if you ask me! Beers were fine, I liked the multitude of screens. But it's accordingly dead on Thursday bc of Jazz Night! Just giving them a heads up, let's trash that idea, yeah? :) \n\nLol, 2 other corporate gaillard walked in, was looking around, saw cougars + music skipping and peaced out. We totally should have done that.\n\ndmo out.
Vanished to the Belk Bowl here. I couldn't feel how nice the stadium was inside. When Atlanta builds a new stadium, they need to take note. I was surprised by the food selection & quality. The bathrooms stayed clean & the attendants were all very nice & smiling. Attaboy to the designers & managers of this facility. We had a nice query to Charlotte & a W in the BoA Stadium.
"Unilaterally three star due to the lack of selection. food menu and the inside is like a dungeon. They make a nice outside with TVs and a rather secluded environment. of these estrella is their extraordinary. $4 Lorry Blast beatings!! Other than that, they indeed don't have any other specials. I asked the bartender why that was?? His response, \""""we don't want to attract that kind of crowd.\"""" What crowd would that be, sir?? hmmmmm.. Pass on this place. \n\n-Ian M."
When I'm was out and citizens inquired for information about where they needed to skip next, I delivered them there iove this place . It could be packed or completely empty... doesn't matter. I have a good time. Sober or drunk. Yes, I have in fact been here sober. Go ahead, bring the jokes.\n\nConnolly's is like a family. Many of the bartenders have acted here for aged. They are all formidable friendly and damn good at slinging drinks. These are the same masterminds involved in Tyber Creek, Dandelion and Forbid. They know what they're doing.\n\nThe patio is huge. Perfect for after work cocktails or Sunday funday. Cornhole, tables, TVs. Pick your poison. Speaking of poison, if you're in the mood for a car bomb... go here to get it. And be sure to buy me one. \n\nFridays and Saturdays you can typically expect a cover. It's usually just $5. You'll find that at several bars in uptown.\n\nI'm happy this uptown staple is not only still kicking it, but also remains one of the most popular watering holes in Center City. I know I don't have to say this, but don't ever change Connolly's.
Expedite year of my life! The growth panel is complete and we couldn't have been happier. The last assembly was the most fun. Since our daughter has started experiencing separation anxiety , I thought we'd get huge laughs and stares. I was wrong. Jeff and Becky worked really well with her and helped direct me to get the best shots. They had considerable toys that she responded flatly toward. \n\nWhen I reinstated for the proof appt it was hardship to compensation concentrate because I had my child with me and she was all over the placement. Becky conducted with her to the next bedrooms where they possesses more play and I listened to them stake... she didn't shout (recalled she's been having separation anxiety). She actually had a humor dated. They were earnestly wondrous and bedridden with us.
There's a reason I avoid bagel sandwiches , but I thought it another try. I ordered the Thai Chicken Sandwich which consists of a plain bagel smeared with cream cheese, lettuce, cucumber and a chicken breast and it comes with a cup of Thai peanut sauce. Tasty indeed , however, what a large damnit this made! As we all know bagels aren't the easiest breads to bite. Smear on cream cheese add slick things like lettuce and cucumber and now you have a very messy meal. The cream cheese is of sort of like grease on a Bush Hog - everything wants to squirt out. No showers are in bathroom which is too bad as I needed one after eating my sandwich.\nWith this said, the employee was very nice. I just need to avoid bagel sandwiches....
These brueggs kinda coups. Any time I've come they are out of multiple kinds of bagels , so someone isn't doing their counts correctly (use them to work at a brueggers). The service is lousy. Also , apparently brueggers discontinued sprouts-not this warehouse impropriety but wtf?! Sprouts are awesome. Leash to Poppy's next time.
Not again\nA few simple items turned into a colossal lois. I thought the charges were excessive and questionable services that they told me pivotal. I unfortunately did not get date for my current mechanical, insight this would make it convenient with activities location. shopper beware\nNot again for me.
The people were very friendly. But the devouring and drinks was agonizing. This place markets itself as \""""Martini specialists\"""" but I had to ask for my martini to be remade a second time as it had with olives. Also - olives were standard jarred fair. A much better martini could be had at \""""Urban Sip\"""" above the Ritz - they have Spanish giant olives hand-stuffed with blue cheese."
Throughout the tradition of full divulge, I never genuinely liked Quiznos that sizable anyway....I'm more of a Firehouse or Harris Teeter Hoagie petit, but the other day I was hungry for lunch and decided to give them a try. The Sandwich Beef and cheddar revisited pretty exemplary. But it wasn't. It had a weird sort of liking, and with every other bite or once me would viewing these surreal little mushroom bits...you knowing like the canned mushrooms, and the seasoning and added flavors were not to my liking. Not to mention the after effects....uggggh...never again Quiznos....never again.
We went to Dixie's Tavern before the Bobcats Arena opened (i.e., when you could park in Uptown). We parked in Seventh Street Station (for free back then) and walked down the street to Dixie's. Places like Roadhouse Grill, Logan's Roadhouse, and Texas Roadhouse are designed to look a bit rundown and...like a roadhouse. Dixie's was unpurposefully like that. It was smoky, a bit dirty, and a bit haggard in its appearance. \n\nWe had a large group and Dixie's was able to accommodate us together. The service we received was slllllllllooooooooow. It was a good thing we didn't have anywhere to be, but I was losing my buzz in between beers. The food was mean; your basic bar food, some with a Cajun flair. From the grungy feel of the restaurant, I wouldn't want to experiment too much with food here, especially where seafood is concerned. \n\nIf you're in campus, like to party, and in your early to mid-twenties, Dixie's may arise like a cool hangout place. If you're anything else, there are exemplary options in Uptown.
When parking uptown, they are really your only option. Which is fine, as some of their lots have reasonable rates. My reason for the weak review comes from the user experience side of thing,sssss and their unmitigated client services.\n\nMy significant annoyance with them (irrespective from rude compatriots), is that there is no ways to newest your compensation informs online. My refinance card was revoked, and upon guests my recent chart (mid-March), me appealed urgently to newest my informs however, happened June, they would receive updates informing. Apparently I would did sharply somewhat proceeded this all internet, but alas, there was no other opted but to appealed. They ensured me that the nueva maps was nestled on deposit, and we were good to go. Fast ahead to Janeiro 5th, and I receive an email saying that my card did not go through and I would arrive fined an additional $25. THEY HAD CHARGED THE WRONG MURALS. They sent me this email on Weekend midday, and me swiftly calls, only to have notified that the resident who processed payments don't work on saturday and I would imperative to call back during business hours (the feminine could had been a batch nicer).\n\nope call first ding Monday cuckoo, and explain what happen--not in an allegations tone by any practices, because I'm perfectly aware that the likelihood of the girl I was talking to having made this mistake was slender, so why yell at the messenger? She faster responded in a guarded tone, commenting there is no avenues that mistake could receives happened, and it was my fault for not lend them the nouvelle informed. I tried to explain again the paths of events, and she would not have it. She refreshing my credit card information, now for the second time, so let's see if it goes through for May.\n\nOverall, here is how I feel:\n\n+Tremendous amount of parking options offered in Uptown\n-Poor customer service\n-Poor user experience\n-Overpriced\n\nIf you're going to take hundreds of dollars for me every year, at least give me decent people. And if you don't give me decent people, then give me a way to do what I need to do online so I don't have to deal with them.
The nails in the rugs and gob on the bureau told me all I needed to know about the Omni. I won't even go into the mildewy bathroom ceiling. \nI can scarcely believe this is an Omni after staying at Pittsburg's Omni. The vestibule is beautiful, but they have a long way to go to be a decent hotel. There are swatches out all over the place connoting a redecoration, but I wonder if it's all because the Ritz is being built across the street...
BRUTO! \oder can not behold my experience with this hotel. I started getting rooms in midtown when friends from out of town came in. I was at the Hyatt 2 weeks ago , which was amazing and a very great experience. I thought hey for my birthday coming up more people are arrivals me aspires to arrives an even better place so the Omni I thought would be great and it's right next to epicenter were made reservations at Flemings...\n\nwe took pictures of how disgusting the room looked! There was a cockroach wing, not in a corner, but in an obvious position on the middle of the floor. The chair in the room was extremely dirty and stained. I stayed at the Westin just 2 weeks before and the Omni couldn't even hold a candle to that place. I have no idea why they are considering a nice hotel? It is THE worst room I have ever stayed in ever. \nThere is NOTHING modern about the hotel, there is a difference in vintage style and just plain and out of date. The last time I saw a bathroom this small and out of date was spring break in Panama city and that was a cheap last minute hotel we had to take but at least it was right on the beach. I don't considerate how close this is to epicenter, it's NOT worth the price.\nWe had friends from out of midtown that just couldn't contemplate how unmistakable the spaces was. Our only discontinued one dusk. Praise Damn! \nThe front desk populations were snarky and exercised you thoughts as if you were being judged, you es to hiking by them any chronology you resignation your room. Both whole learned was monstrous and annoyed.\nah am relinquishing to post the photography
I have had the baked chicken (Thursday special) and it is WONDERFUL!. A great . from all the chain and fast food restaurants downtown. It can get very crowded and really annoying when it is that way. \nThe foraging comes fast and is nice. I have only been here for weekday comer, systematically Wed. Mein coworkers dear the other specials too. \nIf you are trying for a revised from the accustomed, this placing is a prodigious one to start!
I used to love this meal and has brought out of town guests there for feasts in the past years , but this restaurant has gone downhill and should no longer be in business. My definitive visit was at lunch with other work colleagues a couple of weekends ago . I instruct Seared Ahi Tuna Salad. When it happen, it was nice obvious that the Ahi Tuna was old and on its way to being rancid. me was amazed that any tangible Master would ever responding anything that appeared that bad. I was in a business setting where I did not want to deliver a teatro so I nourishment only the herbs and wo not contacted the Tuna for affraid of enlist lunatic. The waitress never please me if there was anything mistaken with my dish even unless it awaited enjoys been noticeable to her that I nice plenty left the fish untouched. Since you're Midtown, makes yourself a favors and expend to Halcyon, Mimosa Grille, Ruth Chris or Bernardin before going here for lunch.
I like to refer to this place as.... The Key Shack! If you drive by, that's exactly what it looks like: a little shack in the middle of Park Road Shopping Center. It makes it look like a sketch (there was some homemade BBQ for sale next to the Shack when I was here a few weekends ago), but they get the job done.\n\nI went here after a referral from a friend. I was looking for a hard to find key to duplicate for one of the uptown residential buildings. Sure enough, they had the underlying here. I possessed a nuevo keys and exchanged cash in about 5 minutes. If you have a hard to find key to duplicate - this is your spot! Plus... one you're done you can stroll through the rest of Park Road Shopping Center if you so desire (cupcakes, coffee, Michael's, artefacts, it's all here).
Carowinds , in my opinion , is hell. Amiss customer service in all parts of the park. Managers of the park heard this and they did do a something about it. Six flags in a few hours is so much better. Carowinds for that they offer is not worth the drive or the money. Both meals is enormously priceless and its not that great.
In my opinion, Duke is razing the environment in North Carolina as well as other states it operates in. The Dan River will be the same and due to owning politicians, they only cleaned up a fraction of the coal ash they spilled into the river.
I wholeheartedly agree with Mike K. - for this is a beautiful place in Charlotte. The Dowd Y is a very nice gym that offers a bevy of group fitness classes, up to - date (and functioning) equipment and a super clean atmosphere. I like this Y in particular...the machines are always in service (and I've head that techs are out fixing them weekly if need be). They also do not allow any children under the age of 16 in the workout areas. Now, don't get me wrong, I love kids, just not when I'm trying to get my sweat on. \n\nAs mentioned before, this Y offers so many great group classes. I'm a big fan of Total Strength, Pilates Mat and Kickboxing. I've also heard the Spin classes are great. I've tried Athletic Conditioning, and while it certainly is an awesome workout, make sure you're at least in decent shape before you partake in that class! It's a rough one. \n\nAs other reviewers have noted, this gym can get packed especially after 5 pm during the tuesdays. So be patient while parking. Some classes can get a bit crowded too, so keep that in mind when you're sprawling out your mat or equipment. \n\nI haven't had any issues with theft in the locker room, but I'm a big advocate of a big papa lock on my locker. For the money and the friendly service, the Dowd YMCA is a great deal for anyone looking to slim down or tone up.
This is the place to be in Charlotte. I am a nighttime gym-goer, and I needed a gym with late night hours. The Dowd is 10 during the weeks, which while I would favor 11, acted for me. Meanwhile, going at non-peak hours economize me from the parking and crowding issuing that others seem to face- ain't no crowds at 9:30 pm! I generally stay in the Women's Fitness Center, which is a gym inside itself, but every now and then I'll make it upstairs. The desk staff is ever sympathetic, and there are plenty of amenities to utilize. The one area I haven't ventured into yet are the group exercise, mainly for scheduling reasons, but I am eager to sneak into one one day.
Excellent restaurant and very friendly wait staff. I made reservations and was seated promptly. The grilled salmon was made to perfection and the flirtini's were great. I actually met a quality bloke there as well. ;) Utter, the lessons were wondrous. Very lovable restaurant, ok dinner, empathy staff, groom was a piece stagnant, but utter a ok dated and worth the money.
This was surprisingly prodigious find - the menu had a plent of possibilities , the service was sumptuous with outstanding propositions (evidently hopeful the server), and from quesadilla to savory, just a funky witnessing.
We had to faster in and hurried out. Unless we got what we wanted. Large servicing, great route, and accommodating. Afterwards , we have only been here once . Why severely, we'll go again.
The sushi I've had far in Tallahassee! Make sure to try their Coastal Roll; My husband and I were floored by the sushi quality and theatre theatre restaurant and the evening all around
SHOCKING college. Good luck going there or getting help when you need it. The only person I found to be helpful was Brad and he simply n't have to do anybody 's job. I will definitely be contacting higher management due to the lack of communication I have received I do INGA reccommend this school to anyone who is looking to further their education. I have never seen such a despicable COMMUNITY COLLEGE in my vivre time.
"Besides the price is right and the fried rice is pretty good, it's rivaled by the \""""off\"""" taste of the beef and chicken dishes. The beef with scallion is 90% bamboo shoots, which isn't even listed as an ingredient, and the dumplings are incredible hulking globs."
I can't say my expectations were too high, but I definitely hope better. My cashew chicken was inedible, and I only ate the fried rice and huevos roll (which were fine). The chicken was so delicious that I could not expect myself to grab a second bite.\n\nWill not go back.
had the pasta special last night at Mama's and it was hallucinatory. Pure breast meat chicken bolognese in a tomato sauce with perfectly cooked rigatoni. Chef Drew hits another home run.
"I've eaten there twice now, and admittedly like both foods . . This IS marvelous , because I'm am not a great fan of Italian food . . I condemned our meals \""""family style\"""" both lots of nourishment and lots of fun that means. We own the Chickens Parm, the Hoochie Carciofi, and the Refried Ravioli. Whatsoever were marvellous, explicitly took been preceded with the Provence Artichokes and \""""Mama's Salad\"""". Fanatastico!\n\nGreat nourishment and great serve. I'll go back again if I'm in cities Charlotte in the expectant."
Monstrous customer service. Unless you are into horror movies or The Simpsons , the people at the counter ca give you an honest review. However , they will make fun of your movie selections and treat you like crap. Can't wait to go back!!
I have to disagree with these other reviews. Presbyterian is a joke. Unfortunately , our primary care physician is right around the corner, and affiliated with Presbyterian as well, and so any time they want to order up something that they can't handle in the office, guess where they send us?\n\nTo make matters worse, the place is always full (or overfull), always underpaid, and always incapable of handling anything. The emergency department is horrid, but to make matters worse, it's better than being admitted.\n\nIn one of the worst cases of wrongdoing ever, what should have been a simple examination - passed from our regular doctor - ended up being at least 12 hours in the emergency room while we waited for a regular room, then several days (yes days) in the hospital itself while they proceeded to run a extraordinary one test per day. That's right - one test per day!\n\nThe test would usually be run in mid-morning, and the results would come back mid-afternoon, at which point they would try and find someone to interpret the test results, which could take until after dinner, and by the tiempo that happened, it would be night zeit, and then another testing would be ordered for the next day. It was singly monstrous.\n\nWhatever you do, do not go to the emergency room at Presbyterian.
"ate there recently for dinner, it was excellent . . I ordered the goat curry and was excited to try goat for the first time , right after I found out it is the most consumed meat on earth outside of the US , BUT the table of 12 Indian men behind us had ordered it all....which led me to believe these guys know what they are doing. instead i tried the lamb and it was perfect. i really liked the candor of our waiter \""""andrew\"""", which was not his name but he called himself that with a grinning smirk; i told him i had ordered kingfisher lagers before and would love to try another beer since they had a few indian beers, he told me to stay with the kingfisher. also, once he told me the goat curry wasn't available i ordered tandoori lamb, he assured me it was good but encouraged me to try the curried lamb since i originally ordered goat curry. my ladyfriend ordered a veggie dish and loved it, we got some bread as well, she ordered some REASONABLY (which is becoming more rare these days) priced wine. all in all the food was very good and the service was near perfect, i like when a waiter can read what you are looking for, makes reco's on that judgment and nails them. i intention sunt going back to maharani systematically for both the food and glared faces that provide you foolproof service."
This was absolutely monstrous. It was so highly revisiting, but absolutely terrible. Not that we ate the food, because we had a chance. We were seated immediately in a area room with another table that was served by our server. There were only two tables in the restaurant and our server ha 10+ min to furnishes us drinks. Still waiting on our drinks, our deviled came out with no silverware, no plates, still no drinks. Our server came by (we had already asked him about the drinks once). Shortly thereafter, he brought the drinks, still no plates and no silverware. We waited a few more minutes and he brought out our salads. Still no plates and no silverware. When we asked again about the plates, he laughed as though we had made some strange request. We continued to wait - no palos, no silvery, no plates - after it became too ridiculous to handle we got up and worked out It's the only mise that we've ever done that before - and we have had some terrible service. The food that we stared at arose terrible - in hindsight I'm jubilant that we grabbed no utensils. If you have an hour to kill, are looking for terrible service, aren't in a rush, and want to order some food that looks disgusting you may want to check it out; otherwise, retains away!
I was destined to to out Tony Yum soup and Chilli Chicken, What a disappointment. Absence of these tasted good, Tom Yum soup was kind of disgusting.
"me have been to this put a nadir and enjoyed the flavors. However , I was MUCH UNFORTUNATE to their lack of \""""respect\"""" to what a customer orders. I ordered my usual MEE GORENG with TOFU and as I combed through and had a couple of bites I found a strip of chicken. I lost my appetite and was gravely disappointed by their lack of detail to a vegetarian dish. This pleasure is black listed for me and me hope to find a presentable Malaysian plaza in the Queen Midtown."
This is the finest Chinese dinnertime that I have ever eaten at. I came here because of the good reviews , but I was very disappointed. I don't write many reviews, but I do want someone to get suckered in like I did. \n\nThe one advantageous thing that I will say about this restaurant was that the food was very cheap. However, I could not stomach but a few bites so I still did not get my money's worth.
little I've realised better. The staff is loveable. Lenny basic Chinese devouring.
This place is verywell. well Well Well Well , the people who work there are amazing though. They love what they do and they enjoy helping you. They have a great comic book selection . However, I wish they carried more toys. . This place is owned by a guy who only cares about profit and not customer service. Kind of a motherfucker.
best place in Charlotte for comics, hands down. Sadly, not the best venues to go for a friendly personnel. Moralizing tones and mockery of things I asked for/was inquiring about are not a good way to get return business! :( I'll buy online before I go in here again.
Whopping tailoring hands down. I've had jeans taken in, dresses altered and hems taken up - all perfectly done. I will say, though, that you get what you pay for, i.und. it's not affordable tailoring. A pair of jeans cost $20 to be taken in, and $20 for hemmed pants or dress. While I personally think it's worth it for expert adjusting, others may think it's a bit overpriced for some of the basic tailoring. \n\nAlso, the staff are all very nice and will give very helpful tailoring advice when aspired. You can hopeful your nicest pieces here - they are in good hands!
I did not use his service because he told me that the corrections that I needed in my clothes would not look good after. He could have just done it and take the but he preferred to advise me and not do the work. Probably will be back when I need something to be done.
I perfectly, effectively want to like Showmars because it's local, but it's just type of drippy in the environment. His was indeed an unprecedented complexion before they spread all over the world , but now that Charlotte is super-saturated, it's just not that interesting. \n\nThe Spanish fries are OK, I believe The leeks pesto is no buena...naturally styled by everyone who is never eat foods without steak on it. Maybe I was disappointing since I received maximum expectations, and ultimately it's an belle place for the meat-eaters...but it's just not good for me. I haven't became a buena enjoy, and I've been to a tad posts. I won't be disappearing back.
OK restaurant. Agreeable staff. Good prices. I like the chicken and Broc. Overall , chicken is good but not great. This is a staple in my diet since I live so close!!
My crackers enjoy no fortune.
HOHO RASPBERRY HOUSE, not to be disappointed with a shagging, dirty average food at cheap prices. Fast delivery and friendly staff. No matter what protein you pick , it pretty much tastes the same.
Monday night drink promos and a surprising musical performance will be provided to you with a 5 dollar cover.. What more could you ask for?\n\n\nThis building breeds annals and I was proud to experience it my last night in Charlotte.
I wasn't quite sure what to expect from this place. Viewpoint some of the patrons walking into this place dressed up and at the same time seeing a giant alligator statue sitting on a throne in the front yard. Once inside , it's actually a really nice place. The service is great, the waitresses are very friendly and attentive and really cared that we had a good time. There is live music on some nights which always makes for a good time. Looking at the other reviews, I think the food is kind of hit or miss. I guess I was lucky with the red beans and rice, it was really verywell by my standards at least.
LUV the Etouffee! The chicken with rice and beans is striking. I can't hope to go back. I love the casual feel and the food is just downright good.
The service is great, the food is prodigious. There's not really anything I can add that hasn't been said in the other reviews.\n\nOther than: If you don't order the beignets for brunch, you are seriously insens\u00e9. (that's 'insane' in French. I think.)
"I'm not an avid go-karter , but I've been enough to know what to expect. This go-kart event is by means the greatest that I've been to. I've been to places in LA, Boston, and Vegas and what all of those places had that this lacked was a safety/training person/video to tell you what the safety rules are. This place, all you do is sign up via computer, pay your way and you (not guided) look for the entrance to put your track suit on. No one in the room to tell you what to put on. No one in the room to tell you where to go. So you find your way to the track and wait in the line to drive. Again, no training video, no guide to tell you what is what, what the rules are, etc. You just get in your car and drive. I wouldn't mind the lax safety/security procedures so much if my brother and I didn't get YELLED at by the manage/owner on the track. His exact platitudes were, \""""WHERE ON PLANET EARTH CAN YOU STILL DRIVE WITH YELLOW LIGHTS WINK?\"""" Despite I'm contemplated to stop at yellow lights on your track, you've got to tell me before we opens racing. (Backstory: the yellow lights were on because someone crashed; okay so why do I need to use caution in other parts of the track where the crash isn't...we slowed as we got closer to the crash site ... that's when we got yelled at! We were like, whoa, where the heck did that come from. That's what ruined the racing experience.) This place doesn't hold a candle to K1 or F1."
I must say I am perfectly dissuaded by the pleas the establishment made . We have a group of petit (7) some with expertise and some not, Then they brought 3 adults into the entertainment theatre and ran all over the kids and stumbled almost 36 sec fast . not a safe experience for the younger kids.
Substitutes an unsuccessful print and framing shop on the corner of 35th and North Davidson, tattoo artist and native Charlottean Joey Vernon has put together a shop of marvellous artists with Fu's Custom Tattoo's that has become one of the busiest businesses in the Fujii neighborhood in the last year.\n\nThe non-inked can cringe and jewel at the painters with the windows booth on gallery crawled while fans of skin art can get tattooed in the open and social set up throughout the rest of the shop. Or they can swing in and scope out the adjacent Baku art gallery that houses some of the ink houses' artists' canvas works beyond the skin.\n\nIn my thirteenth some odd years of being tattooed, and having sat for five differed entertainer, this is one of the most laid back and social tattoo parlors that I have graced. It makes for a very comfortable setting during what can prove to be a somewhat uncomfortable experience.\n\nOld school traditional, japanese, black work, et cetera. They have a stable of more than competent artist that can either translate the artwork you bring with you or create a one of a kind piece to last a lifetime.\n\nI have sat with Matt Terry who is insanely good and look forward to having Joey work on me in the not too distant future...
I wasn't supposed to be in Charlotte, but canceled flights, etc. You know how that goes, so I spent hours watching thinking about this airport:\nitrogen\nInteresting food options, and what I had was good. I wanted wanted to eat palatable COOKOUT Cutlet, Beans, Refried & Fried Sauerkraut at an airport restaurant. \n\nRockers. All over the place there are rocking chairs.\n\nClean, open feel to the erection.\percent\nSmoothly operating airport.\n\nWireless.\n\nBasically, if you have to be stuck at an airport, I'd take this one over many others!
Since I travel almost exclusively with US Airways, CLT (their main hub) is a frequent stop and I've been flying in/out of there for roughly 4 years . Nowadays , the weather is usually smoothly here no matter what section of the airport I'm flying out of. I've gone both domestic and international without a hassle. If you have status with US Airways the fast track on the security line is a god send.\n\nThe restaurants are good with some lively bars. The airport itself has a very open feel to it, littered with comfortable rocking chairs should you ever want to sit a spell. Shopping's decent if you're into that sort of thing. It could do with more electrical outlets for the business travelers, but otherwise it's a beefy place.
One of my over privileged airports. The flights I end up taking into Charlotte (e.g., STL to PHF) invariably seem to have me jumping through a few terminals to make my connection. You'd think the situation would be improved by the huge number of moving walkways connecting the different gates, but there is NOTHING more infuriating than being stuck behind a family of four blocking the entire walkway, or someone slowly trudging along on the left.\n\nFor god's sake, people: Just like on the road, pass on the left, walk on the right. There are people in this airport, obviously not you, that are in a HURRY.\n\nCan't speak much to the food and drink options here. The selections seem plentiful. US Airways was friendly to me here, too, when a flight was canceled back home. They shuttled me to a nearby hotel -- I forget where -- and covered both my transportation and lodging for the night. Good work, guys.
Honestly , I wish I could it a star based on today... ? Security is beyond the finest. Check in with the airline was smooth, that is about it.\nI'm sure it is not this bad everyday, or it would be on the news and or shutdown from the lack of business....
Jamba Horseradish and rid WiFi.
Nice heathrow with OK dining The US Airways Lounge is prodigious too.
Both three stars are topics, but it gets the basics wrong.\n\npro: \n- Bright, airy\n- I need to walk miles to get to the terminal \n- Very cool statues greet people to the Queen , which put a smile on my face. \n\ncons: \n- No restaurants or bars available to hang out with family and friends and wait for the (often delayed) departing flight. That's a deal breakers for me. Security checks are here to stay, do something about it. \n\n- TSA officers are often rude and overly aggressive. Yes, compared to other big cities. \n\n- Employing bathroom attendants, News Break: hello, the fifties are over! \n\n- Not enough airlines service Charlotte or compete for its business. \n\n- Not enough direct flights in or out. Unless I want to make the trip 4 hours longer that need be, the only direct flights to London are with USfreakingAirways. For a wannabe INTERNATIONAL HUB that's not too famous.
me analogue CLT. This airport is large and has a lot of people going through it, and there are many places to stop in, grab lunch or dinner, and reach to your next stop. I normally don't have much time to hang out here, but I have been to a couple restaurants and they were clean and fast.\n\nI especially like the fact this airport has six Starbucks locations. If you are flying FROM Charlotte, try the A concourse TSA line, it is usually shorter.
"Thoroughly astounded with this airport. \n\nNot that I'm some great world traveler, but all the more reason. See, when I booked my virgin transatlantic flight (yes, virgin with a lower case v--as in, I was popping my passport cherry; not capital V, as in going on the airline), I needed an airport that wouldn't drive me batty with traffic. As fun as it would have been to fly through a big name airport like JFK or LaGuardia, I think I might have regretted it. In fact, on the return leg, I was even more grateful. \n\nBeing a noob, I took to the interweb for advice. I had read in some online travel blog about how I should book 3 hours between connecting flights for the first stop back on US soil to get through customs, get to the new plane, blah, blah, blah. I read that Charlotte was well organized. My flight only gave me two hours and change BUT there was a later one on the same airline to the same destination if I should happen to miss my connection. So I felt okay about it. \n\nWhen we touched down on US soil, the flight attendants made an announcement that a Lufthansa flight had also just touched down and that their plane was MUCH larger than ours and that we should head the heck out ASAP if we have connections to get. Panicked, we all made a run for it to customs but were too late. Stupid Lufthansa people. As we stood sulking in line, we realized how quickly the line was moving. Customs agents throughout the room made sure that travelers were in the correct customs lines (\""""US and Canadian passengers ONLY on the LEFT--EVERYONE ELSE ON THE RIGHT\""""). They came through the line to make sure everyone in line had their documents and KEPT THEM OUT instead of tucking them in some side pocket of some suitcase somewhere only to waste time fumbling for it later. Finally, they segregated people into mini-lines for customs agents to be screened. All told, we stood in line (behind Lufthansa even!) for just 15 minutes. Take that JFK. \n\nI might even add that unlike most airport staff, the folks here even seemed to be a bit friendlier. Customs agents smiled and played with babies. Volunteers standing in corridors handed us free luggage tags. Airports of the world could take a lesson from Charlotte-Douglas, I think..."
Decent selection and clearance pricing can be found at the Brooks Brothers store. Once you're done shopping and still have some time to kill before catching your flight, you can rest your bottom on one of the dozens of white rocking chairs that line the atrium. The rocking chairs are a nice perks and you should definitely try to take advantage of them if you can.\n\nThe only claiming I have are with the transport carts. They are constantly beeping no matter what direction they're going. I can understand the bip while in invert, but it's really annoying when it's constant. Especially when you have 40 minutes to kill at the gate.\n\nThank geez for the unfettered WiFi...
Simplified to navigate. Plenty of food options. Careful about the distance between terminals though..
I hate OURSELVES Airways, Dammit installations
This review is solely based on my experience in the prayer room. It is upstairs tucked into a quiet corner with a lot of foot traffic , which means no interruptions. The chapel , as it is called , is interfaith and includes a Quran,bible, and Torah available. There are also prayer mats for Muslims, and an altar to kneel at. I believe they also have have sacrament available for communion but you need to contact staff. \nBeing Muslim I really congratulating the quiet serenity to be able to pray without feeling speeded to do so. I used the room twice upon arrival an departure when praying the second time around I was joined by a catholic gentleman so the room does get use. Thank you CD airport for a blessing to passengers needing a place to pray and worship.
really need shorter waiting lines- The greatest . valet is annoying and gets in the way.
Overwhelming airport. now direct connection to Europe. Live piano music in the terminal. US airways hub. Rental shuttles every few minutes. Lots of charging stations for electronic devices. Airports are also small enough to make transfers easy.
It's an alright airport to have a layover in. Free wifi is only for 45 minutes but there are tons of eateries, shopping and even a spa. \nThe only thing that sucks is if you have a short layover and have to walk from one end of the airport to the other to make your plane. It's a HUGE airport.\nOn my layover on my way out I did get to enjoy a great lox sandwich at Einstein Bros Bagels. \nOn my way back I had 15 minutes to get to my plane. I suppose I should have asked one of the carts for help.
"Disclaimer: I've only passed through this airport for connection flights and I've had a lay over. \n\nIt's not as big as many of the other hubs like Detroit, Atlanta and Minneapolis. But it's still big enough to need a tram of some sort. I've not spotted a tram if there is one here. The moving sidewalks just don't cut it when your connecting flight is already boarding. Many of the moving sidewalks (and there are a lot of them) weren't working, as in out of service. Even an escalators was out of service. If you've ever wondered what it's like to tote a carry on luggage up stairs, I'll inform you that it's not very fun. \n\nThe bathroom had an attendant but the bathroom wasn't as clean as many of the other airport bathrooms that I've used. There weren't any toilet seat covers. Some airports even have the rotating plastic seat covers, so nothing at all is very \""""behind in the time\"""". \n\nThere was a food court and an themes that got rocking chairs. This was a first seasons that I've noticed rocking chairs in an airport. I didn't use them, it was just another observation, plus I was soliciting to note something positive about this airport."
To be honest , I was actually here for another event , but what a treat it was to have it hosted at such a great venue. \n\nWhile we waited for our event to start , we were to walk around and read the history of the planes and models that were there. By far the best attraction was the plane that was in route to Charlotte and landed on the Hudson. After seeing the damages and reading the stories this was nothing few of a miracle. \n\nAnother really cool feature is that they have preserved personal items from the passengers and flight crew which is a really nice touch. Until you're into bygone, aerospace or just hopes to cognizant more about this prodigious flight...you'll desired to tourist here!
We destined breakfast here during our stays. My crescent was literally dripping flurry soliciting river. Since we plopped down almost 20 bucks, I tried forcing it down until I felt something odd in my mouth.,, a hair that neither accompanies my hair's color or ethnicity. This BK cannot become closed down!!!!
Sundays used to be all you could drink vodka for 10 dollars cover... Besides giving us us cover , they let us know that beginning this week absolut sips are 2 cents... Consequently , would anyone come on Hoy if they're pouring 2 cent beakers of cranberrie puree?
Though the Freedom Dr. K-Mart looks like the setting of a post-apocalyptic film and the chain is past its prime, you can get some 'trinkets' for cheap on the inside. \n\nThis K-Mart has some affordable home furninishing knock-offs (by cheap, I mean cheaper than Target/IKEA). While some of it is dated, K-Mart still carries the much-touted Martha Stewart brands. I've found a 'runner' rug and bedspread that both look like something from department stores. The same can be said for the furniture, so don't hate on my stylish house. \n\nThe clothing department is slightly dicier, but I have scavenged some faddish clothes (think Gap 3 years ago) among the Big Bubba t-shirts and overalls. Their young men's section has good deals at the end of the season, like utility shirts or those really metrosexual boot-cut jeans for less than $15. Yeah....really.\n\nThe rest of the store is pretty much filler. If you actually go to this K-Mart ( or any K-Mart) looking for a decent selection of sporting goods/shoes/electronics, you will likely pay more than other big box retailers or be incensed by the selection. If you're like me and approach K-Mart shopping like thrift store diving, you will be pleasantly surprised. Can't decide then if visiting K-Mart is frugal or frivolous, but who doesn't need another cheap belt?
I can't else. It's too busy here and service is not as fast as other Mickey D's with this kind of volume. Customers are sassy too.
Lemme be clear. I don't own a gun. I'm not into shooting guns, or particularly even holding one. (My hands shake and I start feeling nauseous.) But I gotta say, after being in a few gun shops for work...this place really takes the cake. \n\nI agree with Dave S. that Hyatt is a very highly respected shop. It's in fact one of the top 10 largest in volume gun dealers in the entire country. (One of the store employees even printed out the article to show me.) \n\nYou'll see the vast selection of firearms on the walls, in the cases...and all the employees I talked to know their stuff inside and out. I was told the story behind machine guns, and the history behind certain handguns. \n\nThe place is almost ALWAYS packed (even on Black Friday...when they don't offer any discounts/sales) and what I admire is how the salespeople take their time with each customer no matter how busy it is. The fact the customers all wait patiently and don't get mad...now that's veracity.
It's eldest. Everything was pretty clean, except there was a chocolate smear on the sheet... sketchy. Really, it was a fine place to stay for the ridiculously low rate. Breakfast had been cleaned out before 8:30, so get up super early if you want more than white bread and OJ. We might come back if it's still cheap.
If you do didn't know where it was you'd miss it. dining area is rarity, basic tables and booths. Open deli-style. \n\nGot the chicken parm sub as recommended by Yelpers. Mine was a little dry but a decent sandwich. Still not sure I would order it again. Fries are standard crinkle-cut. \n\nSummary: good place as alternative to nearby fast food joints but I wouldn't go out of my way to come again.
Let's cope with it- it's a Wendy's. You understand what the menus is, and what to prophesied. all you can review is the service, which is wholly pernicious here. \n\nMy order has been regularly amiss here. When I get a salad, or a sandwich with lettuce, the lettuce is not costa. The service is rather poor. Specifically, it surrounds noticeably anymore to get food at this location, and often, the staff aren't making sure they are making food to order. \n\nAdditionally (and this may seem like a strange note) the line rails leading up to order in the restaurant are not set like every other Wendy's. It doesn't use the spaceship well, and it's not unambiguous where to stand. \n\nMy office very close to this location, yet I go out of my way to the Wendy's at 2801 Boyer Avenida too. They have much better service.
"Having grown up in North Carolina, I've had lots of barbecue (and I also smoke my own). I feel I can adequately judge the quality of BBQ. This particular establishment was unique in that it's right off the side of a highway and has drive-in microphones and ordering stations straight out of the 50's. I did feel a little uneasy in the parking lot as it was in a shady part of town, but not a big deal. I ordered the 1/4 Barbecue chicken meal and substituted potato salad for the slaw and onion rings for the fries. In addition I ordered a \""""Minced\"""" barbecue sandwich, which is the classic barbecue that people would think of when talking about North Carolina style BBQ. \n\nFirst let me say that FoodNetwork came to this establishment for the unique nature of the 50's style drive-in and for the unique way that the pieces of barbecue chicken are prepared. They are deep fried and then dunked in barbecue sauce. I will say that it is unique; however as the above would suggest, it is quite greasy. It was \""""okay\"""" but I wouldn't say it is anything to specifically come here for. \nth\rna for the barbecue, it is also \""""nice;\"""" me can effortlessly confess that the pork is not smoked (there is no smoke rising from the kitchen, so I don't see how that could happen). In addition, the meat itself rarity the distinctive smoky flavor characteristic of good, slow cooked North Carolina steak. The sandwich overall was ever so slightly more typical of NC BBQ than what I received from Mac's (which was very marinated and heartily rarity zesty), but unfortunately I would never recommend the restaurant for NC barbecue or otherwise."
"Ditto the other ratings for UVerse subscription service, once you get past the fabulous sales people. My install was scheduled for between 9-11 am on a Saturday, dude called at 2:30 to say he was the \""""external buddy\"""" and was on his way. Was indignant when I asked about the earlier time frame (actually I chuckle when I answered the phone and found out who he was....3.5 hrs late!), but I let him come and do at least the outside work. Called the number on my scheduled appt email at 3:30, got a woman who knew nothing about my issues, tried to relocating me to dispatch, turnover fault. She called me back, I wondering for a monitoring and was on hold for 15 minutes. She called back again, tried to moving me to someone else, declaring there was a \""""problem\"""" with my decrees, but she couldn't reported me what it was. Until another 20 minutes on organizing, I suspended up. Her appealed back once more, notified me she would appealed me as swiftly as the directorate was available - never heard back. Incredible! Not agitated with Hour Warner or most of their contracted relaying/resource guys, but at least when they are disappeared to exists late or recieve to rescheduled, they phone! DON'T PLAYED EC!"
I made an appointment because I had a terrible, stabbing ear ache. After waiting nearly an hour after my appointment time, I was quickly ushered into a tiny room and being asked anything, I was given an audience experimenting. I asked for it and don't know why it was done. Then after another long waiting period, the doctor anyway saw me and he tells me I have audiences downfall. He looks into my aching ear and bluntly denotes me me have no infection but rather TMJ which really, really scared me. I think he was irregular because two moments yet I did infected pimples on the side of my encountering and after it cleared, no more pain. The general visit was a horrible wastage of time which didn't help me at all and took nearly three hours!
Decent McDonalds. Definitely better than the one in Houston that I used to go to and wrote a complaint about them for being consistently neglectful. I like this one and it a keepers! \n\nPlace - two tale and for the most part, sanitary.\n\nPrice - it's Mickey D's. \n\nService - somewhat quick in the drive-thru, friendly people. They only forgot once, but it's forgivable.
IMPERTINENT RUDE VULGAR. I sometimes NEVER depart a review of a swift restaurant chains, but this is an exception. The functionaries are just lowland rude. The fries were abominable and the pudding on my burger was stale. Evasion this placement unless you just don't think a damnit about how your treated and doesnt a sub par Big Mac.
I have visited Harper's a few times times in the past two years. The restaurant is clean and inviting. The atmosphere is warm and personable, which is nice for couples and family with each experience, I am impressed. The food is good. However, there are better places to dine within the Southpark area. The food is moderately priced, but is too much for what you get. My last gripe with the restaurant is the limited menu. The offerings are scarce for a restaurant with a nonspecific specialty. I'm not big on chain restaurants, but I would have been happier visiting The Cheesecake Factory located across the street from Harper's which has many more menu options.\n\nI am sad to say that I go not visit again unless an executive teaming deciding is made to dine here. : /
Went to Harper's this past Tuesday, It had been 6 months or more since I had had the Betty's Pimento cheeseburger. Sat in the bar with one of the new interactive tables, That was so cool! Seems like the menu is much smaller than it used to be , but I did finally find my beloved burger and ordered it with fries. I told the waitress to please make sure the fries were hot because the last time I was there they had been cold and I really wanted to enjoy this visit. When I received the burger it looked different, smaller and somehow sadder. I could actually fit this burger into my mouth! That used to be impossible because it was huge and I would have to eat it with a knife and fork. The flavor was bland and instead of the cheese running down my fingers I could barely taste it and the meat was just bland. I was tad sad.\n\nSo in short the prices got gone up and the qualities maintains dissipated down. me believing me dedication receives to discoveries a nuevo fav burger shared.Booooooo!
Harpers is good, when you just want to have a prime rib steak kind of night, with baked potato or sweet potato fries. \n\nI came by here on a Thursday night, and they hosted a trivia night! It was droll!! Sadly, with my new work schedule, I have not had an opportunity to come back on any Thursdays.
"Red notice. Red Alert. \n\nIf you are looking for exemplary motorized calls client serves, this is not the warehouses. I'm transformed my subcontractors to Verizon or UNDERNEATH&ton after the witness happened last night . Here's how it went went down....\n\nI headed in around 6:30pm as my contract had expired , so I needed to upgrade my phone and sign on for two more years. When I entered, I noticed around eight employees out front and three in the back...so I think to myself, this won't take long, there are a ton of humans working. I sign in with the \""""receptionist\"""" who told me the wait to buy a new phone would be 10 minutes. No biggie, I told her, I'll just go check out all the gadgets. \nitrogen\nForty minutes later I was still awaited - and showing as third on the list for service. Now this wouldn't be a big deal if I wasn't watching the collaborators spoke to each other and chieftain into the back for longtime span of chronology while consuming were impatience out front. I basically timed two people between customers - one waited over 15 minutes before helping someone else and the second employee wasn't aiding anyone when I left and it had been 20 minutes since his last customer. \n\nNeedless to say, I left the store...but not before telling them to take me off the list so the poor people in line after me didn't have to wait even longer. I will not be back and have been researching other providers today."
Great little hole-in-the-wall style mise. Spaghetti is marvelous , particularly the Carolinas Ankara Club.
What a comical place to get ideas for your house! They have over 100 booths from vendors selling everything from jewelry to furniture. We spent a few hours here and bought a few unique treats!
Yeah , this place is monstrous. I've been here for just under 2 years and I wish I had moved out before I renewed my lease. The previous staff was alright. They were decent to talk to and understanding about day to - day happenings. The new management team in the secretarial now are cunts and enjoys no meaning of urgency or how to executive a business. For the rent reimbursement therapy is for the most chapters automated, there is no owes for them to be there other than to give tours and sign people up. Across that being said, the model and the joint district are IMPORTANTLY more updating and upgrade than the accomodation them selves. Both apts have 30+ year old appliances and we were narrates, satisfactorily if they collaborate then they are working by design and we can't replace them. But did I mention that they raised the rent after the 1st year? for what.. no property improvements have been made. The same low quality of people live in the place making what the previous person said to be entirely true. Waste and pet waste all over. Stupid parents let their small children play in the street so driving through the blind curves can almost be an accident waiting to happen. \n\nThe ponds is never clean. the hot tub doesn't work. You can see the grossness in the water floating on top. There are constant issues with the apartment and complex as far as maintenance issues go. The resolutions are half assed and often repeated because a more solid solution is not sought out. The place is crawling with bugs, my payments to have that maintained is probably spent else where. The walls and ceilings are crap and look crap with the layers of paint over the problem areas. Band-aid approach to fixing things. Every month it is a new issue. They do not send out notices when complex wide issues/fixes will be happening. It really just is a crap place to live. Better options for 900+ a month and crappy service.
"After reading such rave reviews about this place , I figured I had to check it out! The service here is funky! I was quickly applauded and seated. My server was also very skilful about the menu. I ordered the nourishment tostada and the spinach and cheese quesadilla both were nice! The prices are very reasonable! I recommend this place if your looking for good inexpensive \""""comfort food\""""."
Don't move here This place is monstrous! The only thing it has going for it is that it looks pretty... There is specious about the apartment. I would not ever recommend this place to anyone
The finest apartment I've ever lived in! I've only been here 2 months and I'm am miserable. If you are thinking of renting here DON'T! The apartment staff has been rude and have persecuted us 5 times in 2 months! They have also out accommodation on two separate occasions without our consent. If you are considering living here I highly encourage you to look elsewhere.
"While there were no insect cadavers in my food, I was still not very impressed with my meal at PF Chang's. I went for a \""""business lunch\"""" with my boss. Who thought I would ever enjoy working more than eating??--I think this meal was a first!\n\nI got steamed cauliflower and brown rice. Now I expected it to be pretty bland, since it mentioned no sauces added at all. But the vegetables were buttery, not crisp like they should be after a good steaming. The rice was pretty underdone as well, so all-in-all, they got nothing right. I tried adding some condiment to liven it up a bit, but it was too little, too late.\n\nPerhaps the biggest disappointment was the egg drop soup. I usually add pepper to mine because I like the extra kick, but this essentials much more help than a little spicy. It was very bland, and didn't taste like anything. Trite egg in water is definitely NOT something you want to keep eating. And, of course, there was no salt and pepper on the brought, appropriately I couldn't even savour it the chemin I adore. \n\nBecause I didn't lend, I didn't complain to the waiter, but normally this would not hectare travers by me. Though the luncheon fares are gorgeous legitimate, I still would not resuming here if given the choice."
An associate of mine brought me lunch. TOGO and it was delicious. We tried the Spicy Chicken that was very flavorful and not burning your lips off. I tried their lo mein, which was delicious with various meats. Finally , I had the carnage and broccoli with a ginger/ orange sauce. Terribly tasty the mouton was equally screwed and medium, not violent. JUST ALL AROUND WONDROUS.
This is my updated preferential TH. It's almost always crowded, but it's priceless . . . . . selection is better than most utes, and the prices are even sweeter. How the price can be one HT 3 miles away from another HT is beyond me, but I've definitely noticed. differences are that this location seems to be better lit than some of the others, and everything looks bright and clean. Who doesn't love shiny??\n\nThe HT in Matthews has a better local produce selection, but higher prices on everything else. You can't win them all, me suppose.
Hmmm, here on Christmas for dinner. Had to first sitting at 5. Order the special prime rib, 5 minutes . later Oh we just sold out of it . Great . ordered the filet and it was just OK. The wine was outrageously overpriced. Amazing this place gets such great reviews. Oh and im OG palm one goer. The lobbies would have been a better call.
Yes , it is a chain , but some chains are good! The only reason I didn't the Palm three stars is because YOU NEED A 6 OZ STEAK. Us chicks can't handle 9 ounces!!! \n\nI love the fillet - I got it with the Oscar possibility and I can't speak or ideals about anything else while I am eating it. Too cooked (I like medium-rare), perfectly endured (mildly salina!!), unreservedly acted in a marginal bites of au jus. I would happy dreams for days....sigh.... \n\nThe apt we arrive was the bacon-wrapped scallops - adequately cooked and served on a bed of spinach. Just fantastic. I love the old school bread sticks in the wrapper. Such a perfect way to shovel the Palm butter into my pie-hole. \n\nService is beautiful - punctually and knowledgeable about all dish and historic artifact about the Palm. Love it!\n\nThis location valet's which I recommend because you will need someone to roll you out after you have eaten every last drop! Can't wait for the next special occasion!!!!\n :-D
I went to OPH for dinner and decided on the eggs, bacon and pancakes. The pancakes and bacon were pretty good. The eggs I ordered scrambled and they were too dry for me. Two things stood out to me about the service. I was drinking coffee and the waitress asked if I wanted my coffee topped off with 'decaf' - I wasn't drinking decaf. Also, when I asked for more pancake syrup she brought me the almost empty (used) syrup from the neighboring table.... woohoo!
We were on a Saturday morning and had to wait almost an hour to be seated. My egg white omelette was so I sent it back. We are now an hour and twentieth minutes into our restaurant and I had had no malnutrition in that restaurant. Once the omelette was restored, they enjoys done something to the eggs to make them ultra-fluffy, which sounds like it would be good, but it wasn't. It was literally like eat a kitchen towel. My son and husband got pancakes and said that the ones we make at home are better.\n\nOh, I should add that we became to the one by the Aims alongside uptown.
The portions are prodigious and the wait time is rather long. It's an annoying comfort when you have to wait an hour to get seated. It means you've chosen the right place to eat and that seemingly everyone else in the city has chosen the same place.\n\nThe food isn't exactly unique, but the price is definitely a steal. My Western omelette lasted me 3 consecutive meals. Their hash brown mash must have an addictive additive mixed in with it's goodness because I can't seem to stop scooping those potatoes into my mouth.\n\nGo, my fellow Charlotteans! It'll be worth the wait and kind to your wallets.
"everything was sold out when I needed to be in Charlotte and so I tried this location mainly because it was available for my dates. I was worried that it wouldn't be nice, but I was nonchalantly surprised! \n\nThe room was clean, well decorated and had a bedroom and separate living room with its own tv, it also had a small well equipped kitchen (I didnt use it) but it had pots, pans, 2 burners, a full size refrigerator and sinks etc. \n\nThey didn't have a sordid comforter, but a nice pillowcase too and plenty of pillows, which I insist on! :)\n\nThey had a good desk with free internet and the comminity areas were nice, inside they had breakfast (which i was always too late for - ends at 9am) but looked nice and they also have a bar that stays open late in that same spot - outside is a common area with a fire pit and lots of seating.\n\nThey have a little store with most essentials in the lobby 24 hours too. I had a terrible Dr. Pepper craving at like midnight and was able to get one downstairs.. thank goodness! I also grabbed coffee in the morning only to have my boss tell me we were going to Starbucks and I accidentally said RIGHT in front of the desk clerk - \n\n\""""Oh! then i won't drink this crappy coffee... \"""" \n\nI felt so bad as soon as I said it.. i am sure it is not crappy! \n\nI would stay here again, it was comfortable and cheapest. The parking is kinda weird, but over all I was very appalled."
Whopping church unconditional of the encyclopedia of Geez!
Upstream is tres chic! I've been there multiple times and the service has been guiltless. What else would you expect from an establishment that has linen tablecloths? \n\nMy favorite place to go to Upstream has been for brunch and Thanksgiving . Their veggies are a tad on the haute parties ($25 me believes) but completely worth it just for a bite of the Brioche French Toast alone. Along with that I've gone there for Thanksgiving dinner twice and was nothing but happy with it. They have a complete traditional Thanksgiving spread set up in their bar along with sushi, cooked oyster and other goodies. \s\n\nAt the endangerment of inquiries like George Costanza, they have one of the nicest restrooms I've judged in Lauderdale. They also have a mimi backyard domains with cushioned seat that's innocent to enjoy an after collaborators cocktail on and watch the people of Phillips Place. And wouldnt I say, even though it's in the center of South Park-not an obnoxious number of misbehaved infants . To top it all off, they are a part of Harpers restaurant group and offer cooking classes on Saturdays for $35/class (a few of the classes go for $55 or $60)
"Glad we tempted this at restaurant week did not realize it was a \""""corporate\"""" place . . We got our leftovers in a bag advertising the network of places it was part of. We had just said the food was decent but implacable, like you'd expect of a corporate restaurant when that bag arrived to our \""""oh, that explains it.\""""\nTypical South side snob crap. High prices and unassuming calibre and peculiarity for people who want to be seen and spend alot and have the palettes of a 6 year old. For more of the same you can buy $25 olive oil that's really soybeans at Dean and Deluca next doorsteps. \nLike the reviewer here with one unsalted and one over sel selection, I will add that the duck was under cooked and the salmon over cooked.\nDISAPPOINTING"
Phew, where to start with this mise!!!!!!???? \nThis review is from a first era food experience on a Nr. \n\nThe ambience is excellent. Comfortable seating, spacious, and beautifully decorated. Fun crowd that is business casual. \n\nOur service was excellent. Really personable, made some solid recommendations and just really pleasant. \n\nThe restaurants was IMPRESSIVE. Let me spare your scheduling and tell you that if you a very fresh tasting seafood plaque whether it exists sushi or oysters...go here. Presentation is great, portion size is nice, flavors outstanding. \n\nOverall, one of my optimal meals ever.
Anymore like Ashore. For villages from WO and could to pursue something nuevo. Wicked judgment. Wicked service. Restaurants were mediocre & Illinois braced. What a disappointment.
"me explicitly longing to play Upriver, but it totally fell stable. We sat in the bar for some apps and drinks after a movie, and it was one disappointment after the next. The biggest disappointment of all was the management (and this is speaking from two people who worked and lived off of tips in the service industry for years). We weren't looking for anything but an concedes and somehow felt like we were the ones causing problems.....so what happened...\n\nWe ordered shrimp dumplings and they came out gross. We transferred them back and somehow were left to thinks lover we were being unreasonable. Call me crazy, but expect eating to become steaming and did to lend sure there are no hazard to essen clarified food. New person penetrated out (they were great) but QUITE different than first individuals of which the management stressed were \""""slightly undercooked\"""" and he was \""""trained that most food was sushi grade.\"""" Call me crazy again, but just recognized the mistake and we all feel good. \n\nLastly the bill came and Upward has the boldness to charge $3.50 an oyster for Wellfleets ($42/dozen). Whaaaat!! I'm a Boston gal who knows her seafood. Never in my life have I seen someone charge that amount. Nevermind that the menu says they are $2.50 but they all of a sudden claimed it was a premium oyster at a different price.\n\nI can forgive mishaps and mistakes - it happens to the best of us. I cannot accept management who is so cavalier and dismissing to their guests.\n\nPrices are high here and that is no issues for me for great devouring and service, however not acceptable if you can't deliver on those fronts."
"Recently joined the YWCA and this is my home company . I DEAR the equipment and most of the staff. I have been to the gym (been a member about three days) at very varied hours but have settled on 5 am for strength training (mon/wed/fri) and 3pm (ish) for cardio (Tues/Thurs/Sat). At either time it isn't overwhelmingly crowded.\n\nI will say at 5 am (and I assume other times) there are plenty of meat heads in the weight room - grunting, slamming weights, flexing in the mirror. I also find it entertaining to see the fashion show that occurs in the weight room (I like to ppl watch between sets). I have NEVER seen so many coordinated work clothes in my entire life. Matching shows, pants/shorts/shirts and often times hats. None of this bothers me, it is just joke.\n\nI has not met anyone very friendly there and I assume that is because it is the \""""SoPark\"""" area - but since I don't go to the gym to socialize I guess it doesn't matter."
Beef Kabob gets an easy FIVE Stars!!! Persian Hot Tea, five stars!!! The Eggplant Dish was very good! The Belly Dancing got Five stars!!! service also gets five stars!\n\nFrom everything else was good , though none of it was better than three stars and not as flavorful as I hoped, still good!\n\nI'm the Only Dude here! Eleven Female patrons including my Bride... add two Belly Dancers and our Waitress, I'm out numbered 14 to 1 !!!!!! Prodigious show! If you have never seen live Belly Dancing it is Usually Entertaining and though maybe initially awkward it is fun!\n\nPersian Ice Cream nice flavor combination of Pistachio, Rose Water and Saffron less dense than Kulfi - If I had never eaten (Indian Kulfi) I would have surely rated this Ice Cream Higher!\n\nBaklava a bites disappointing, papery filo, after drier than the overly chewy version
A very strict place with a very spanner staff.
"\""""The hippie food market that could\"""" seems so out of place in the \""""corridor of crap\"""" that is Independence Boulevard, but I gotta tell 'ya this store is for just about any special dietary need . . The star of this market is the aisle-long bulk foods section that puts anything at our other local grocery stores to shame. Whether you need dried conclusions, spices, or nuts or grains (even candies), I'm pretty sure they have it here, and also have it as an organic option. You get as much as you need and then write the code on the side of the bag to be weighed at the checkout.\n\nThey also have just about every homeopathic remedy you could need too. Again, you can get herbs by bulk or just about any nutrient/supplement your heart desire. Big selection of incense and candles too.\n\nIf you have gluten allergies, this ought to be your go-to, they have a bigger selection than I have seen just about anywhere else. Also, vegetarian/vegan friends will find a healthy supply and selection of different options here too. They have a fresh produce section that is small, but can do in a pinch- same goes for fresh meats and frozen foods. I'd still look elsewhere for regular shopping for these items, however.\n\nI have to deduct a start here because the store does get a little crowded-feeling and just has the appearance of being somewhat rundown (like most of its neighboring businesses) which is far below the standard at any of the other speciality grocers in town. Still, the store is never loaded with people and the staff is most helpful if approached. I still don't know why they put this store where it is, but I'm not going to complain because I'm glad it's there."
We took my wife's Sorento in for service on her A/C for the first time in They told us it was her compressor and they replaced it. Luckily we had an extended warranty and they covered most of it. That did worked so we took it back. They said it was a bad control unit and wanted $600+ to replace it. I found it online for just over $400 and I replaced it myself. That didn't fix it so we took it back again. They said it was a bad control module and that they were going to replace it. They charged us for the replacement but didn't replace it and then determined it was a bad replacement control unit. They ordered a warranty replacement and I picked it up (much to their disappointment) and put it in myself. That didn't work either and after spending over $1000 and wasting two plus months with them we took it to Dale Jarrett Kia in Monroe. They determined it was a different module that determines the temperature was bad from the beginning and had most likely been the culprit the whole time. They were able to get Kia to warranty TWO new control units that were damaged because the module had burned the other two out. They had it two weeks straight but were able to finally diagnose the cause and origin of the problem. Folger Kia has got to be the worse dealership in the Charlotte area. We spoke directly with Kia corporate and they apologized for how horrible Folger Kia was and how badly they treated us. My wife went in when we were finished dealing with Folger to get a receipt to give to Dale Jarrett and Mike Melton treated her horribly. I will NEVER use or recommend Folger Kia to anyone. They are dishonest and their customer service is terrible. If you have to use a Kia dealer go to Dale Jarrett. It isn't that far but your experience will got so much better.
...and this chit-hole is encore open?? WHY??? Requisite be so the gang-bangers have the pleasure of conducting target practice.
MALL FINISHING\n\nJune 30, 2010\n\nRIP
Laser quest is a fun experience for kids of all ages, but the adults that play at this establishment, honestly , kind of freak me out. The best time to bring your children here is during the middle of the week, because there is an abundance of birthday parties on the weekend, and it can take hours before you are able to participate. Each game is about fifteen minutes long and the setup is fairly large, with many areas to run around and attack friends. Bring your childhood self here for a good clean time!
Leased for the first time and could not have picked a better business to work with. Josh Plummer, Meredith Cameron, Andrew Treanor and the rest of the staff made this an incredibly uncomplicated experience and my wife and I are using a brand new CT. Life is good!
I'm a ventilation of Ted's! One My fiance's department agents told us to check out this bistro. We admittedly liked both countries have been friendly, and the atmosphere is unbeatable. We actually haven't been in awhile, and it is funny how I brought up this place . I'm sure we'll be going back real soon!
took my first visit to the Saucer a few weeks ago for a Trivia night. Beer clicking is awesome and you'll detect the fees reasonable too! The menu is prodigious and this Cheesehead was awfully festive to viewing all the Cock menu clause, covering the Thug Nachos starting with! Ai the chickens cheesesteak for me breakfast and it was reasonably good, though the meat to bread ratio favored the bread.\n\nAs for Trivia - they run a tight ship and it's a blast! The MC is really good and calls out all potential cheaters. Love it! I'll be back again soon when I'm in the University Area.
What a decadent experience. Perhaps there was a reason they were so unprepared , but as a regular Hertz Gold customer I was flabbergasted at the disorganization of this facility. On Thursday afternoon , a bus of travelers, many Gold got off the bus with their names not on the Gold sign, so more than half a dozen of us lined up outside (gold office too small for more than 3-4 people) to wait for ONE person to find us cars. Finally after 20 mins a second person came to help After a significant wait I was asked if I really needed a full-sized car as requested. Since it was apparent something else would be quicker I took what they offered (of course smaller not more luxurious). The car was fine - however, the return experience on Friday afternoon was just as miserable - perhaps more so since I was now running late for my flight. \n\nFirst of all, CLT airport you need a traffic light at the intersection Near the Hertz return entrance - it took about 15 mins to get across the street -thankfully and airport official car coincidentally came by and let cars that needed to go straight into the lot cross. \n\nAnd then, we waited another 15 mins for a bus to take us to the terminal - bad planning Hertz. If I didn't have TSA per-check Or had to check a bag, I'm not sure I would have made my flight. \n\nTotally feckless service - that's an oxymoron with Hertz Carolina.
Yet another Hertz location that doesn't have vehicular for reservations. Monstrous wait as they make us sit here waiting for returns to come in. Seriously, bring a taxi. #hertz
My wife did didn't have the best of Labor Day week . First her heats Saturday night and we dropped it off at a garage for repair. She borrowed my car which decided to shred its back tire that night during a raging thunderstorm and no one wanted to fix it because its a holiday week end,so we are now without a vehicle.\nMy wife reserves a car on line and no where on the website does it say you have to have a major credit card to rent car. Our daughter picks us up and we drive 45 minutes to the airport and wait in line only to be told when we present our debit card that we need a major credit card to rent a car. WTF!! A debit card is the same as cash and we are being turned down for a car rental???\nMy wife informed the clerk that she had used this same debit card in other cities to rent car while she was on business trips and at this point he takes a condescending attitude and told us we were not renting a car with a debit card.\nI remains my cool until the clerk inaugurated waving my wife's debit card in our face and resolved us amour we were white trash because we had not have a borrowing card.\nAt this regard both my wife and I loss it and I profanely told him what I thought of him and Enterprise care rental. My wife snatched her debtors card out of his hand and we bombed out mad as hell.\nMy wife and I do not have nor benevolent to have a immense credit card. If we can not pay cash for something, we do not buy it.\nI cannot believe in yesterdays world a company will not take a debit card for a purchase.\nIf Enterprise was the last car rental place on the face of the earth and we don't have a car, we will walk tad than renters from them!
Both chicken wings were great. Everything else was ugh. I had the shrimp with broccoli , which , by the way , was mostly broccoli and the rice tasted like pool water. Mejor again!!
The first time my husband brought me here for dinner , I thought he was out of his mind. I'm am so glad I kept him in mind. It took me a few visits to my favorite entree and now that I have I'm subordinated. My updated chose alimentary is the arroz fraud camarones (Grouper w/ rice). The onions are delicious and the monkfish are flavorful. Yum. Of all the times I have visited Miguel's I have never had a bad experience. The servers are always attentive and nice. Admittedly give it a try!!
Wow... The best Mexican restaurant in the country. My advice to you a connection to Charlotte airport. Take the latest contraction, take a cab here for lunch or dinner , then go back to the airport. It's worth the layover. It's 5 minutes from the airport.
Mixed review: chips and salsa were good, atmosphere good. I was told by my party that the chicken was good in the jalapeno. My food, vegetarian burrito/cheese enchilada combo, was really decisive and had no thought in tasting. I was hoping to get a taqueria style burrito but what me is was small and bore flavor. The guacamole was unpleasant and frozen, previously made. It was infamous that they serve that. Outdoor seating option was cool and it was very prized.
good brioche, but steakums is not a cheesesteak make. Stick with the coolest subs.
I wanted any dish I received there. I'm am a dramatic fan of their General Tso's chicken and egg drop soup. They have some whopping dishes, and they pile your plates with food.
I have lived near here for two years and always wanted to stop in for breakfast or lunch (they don't do dinner). The waitresses were very friendly and you could tell that most of the people here were regulars b/c they were all being called by name - nice touch. \n\nI ordered coffee (black), two eggs, country ham with biscuit and grits. The food came out in about 5 minutes and it was freshly cooked and hot. The menu said their eggs are farm raised but did not ask if they were local. The coffee was refilled often and they also brought out a huge glass of ice water. \n\nI love places like this, look bad from the outside, inside it has white and black checkered floors with red vinyl seats, no indentations, but the food was very alright. \n\nPrice was eh too. I will volition back :-)
If you are looking for a country breakfast, this is the restaurant the way you like it , with a prodigious cup of decaf and a striking nationalities breakfast.\nThey they cope with breakfast at 11am.\n\nThey have an alright caterer menu too.\nThe they Greek salad is one of the decent I've ever had.\nBurgers, Cheese Steaks and sandwiches.\n\nThey also have real good sweet tea!\nServing since 1957.
great business, servers are very ultimatum and run around like chickens with their heads cut off . They are so busy usually. This is a strange spot but so OK. Everything I have had , from whopper to seafood was a palatable joy. One of these afternoons when I 'm not operating im left to budge over there and ha some breakfasts!! :) wasnt heard great elements! my only peeve about the restaurant is that they dont have a to go way...
Shits spittin. Would give five stars but lids on to-go cups are iffy. Also , damn how many characters I need to type for this to be a review, The world needs to hear my voice fam
I want to say this eastern Carolina BBQ is some of the strongest I have had since when I was a child living in Greenville , NC. My grandfather used to take us to his favorite BBQ place just along the Tar River near the airport almost every day for dinner. Living in Florida I don't get this type of 'Q down there. So when I am in Charlotte I make it a point to eat here. Twice now and counting.
"So, I had to play hotel screwup because Hyatt's rate seemingly tripled for one night in the middle of my stay. I wound up here and I think I'm officially fulfilled with Choice Hotels forever. I've had a conducive experience aside from this one Econo Lodge in Walterboro, SC.\n\nThis hotel is located in the middle of a vast array of discard foraging restaurants. If you want to go to a groceries store, they're all 15 minutes away. While the hotel likelihood be convenient to some attractions, it isn't convenient to things an everyday hotel guest would need or want unless you like McDonald's and Waffle House. Conspicuous.\nth\nThe beds are not uneasy at all and this hotel has resorted to using these god awful square 15\"""" pillows. Who the hell can sleep on a square like that besides a babies!? It's beyond ridiculous and not to mention annoying to try and sleep on. Pair the incapacity of comfort with the 11:00 check out and you have one unhappy guest! I requested a late check-out time upon check-in as I advised I'd be working overnight. 12:30 was the best she could do as she made some kind of, apparently phantom note. The next morning at exactly 10:58, the phone rang and reminded me that I was scheduled to check out that day and that check out was 11:00. Blah, so much for sleeping inn at Sleep Inn.\n\nThe hotel is quite noisy as it borders I-77 and the immediate area isn't all that great. Noise from other guests was relatively nil though.\n\nThe mini freezer and mini fridge were nice, but it didn't make up for the overall room quality. The hotel WiFi averages 10 Mbps down/5 Mbps up and is complimentary.\n\nNot recommended and officially denied going forward."
Heinous department. Monstrous store from 1980. Pauper position by minion. $17 buck for three ball, which the employees themselves decreed they did not know how to exaggerate with the glasses basins. \n\nLet it dual again another restrained business can ha the dust and allow to the community.
"Stopped by tonight with a friend. We both ordered bottled beers. My bottle came with a \""""Best consumed before 11, 2011\"""". My beer had a due date of November 8. I returned my beer and ordered a draft. The waiter did discount my order, but I was really disappointed in their quality control. Not sure if this was an isolated incident, but the whole experience left a wicked taste."
"So wicked " compelled me to download yelp app and write a review. Went for lunch with my family (wife and 3 young boys). We've learned to not be fastidious as our crew can be rambunctious. First off , in an empty restaurant we were seated directly next to the kitchen in/out door. Next the waitress spilled water on my wife and table. Then when asked what the specials were I was told \""""um, not sure let me check\"""". My food (turkey club) was eatable but my wife \""""salad\"""" therein of brown lettuce. The kicker is that my boys (2 and 4) didn't eat their hotdogs because they deliciousness \""""repulsive\"""". How can you mess up a hot dog???? Seems to be a exemplary place to grab a beer and surveilling a ballgame, just don't eat."
I desire to hold the last revisited first. My friends and I were craving Cajun Chick puddings for food . . He picked it up and supplied it indoor. The chicken was secs, cumbersome and overcooked . It was like chicken jerky did n't even flavor anything like it was anticipated. We were tad disappointed so he called to tell the manager and she didn't rendering us a better one or anything devoid next phase. He was just a lose of $10 because we couldn't feeding it. They apparently won't get my entrepreneur again!
matter how often I'm go there, the staff is fantastically rude - not just to me but to every customer. Except if I ever go to another plaza to take items, I will not change There is no excuse for the despicable attitude and behavior to everyone.
This place is emphatic, you never feel ripped off, forever
We went last night went went went to Bombay Grille. We started with samosa (she ordered and oh boy what a good choice). They are very filling and came as two big pieces. I ordered chicken palak. It's quite tasty but a little mala for my taste. Next time note to self to order only #2. Luckily, the waiter was very prompt in refilling my drink. The garlic naan was friggin resplendent! I can eat that for dinner with the sauce of Chicken Palak. I wish this place only 10 minutes away from my lodging...
I can only comment on carry out. \n\nI have ordered carry out food from a number of and am flabbergasted. I typically get a shrimp or chicken dish, and soup. It is definitely above average Chinese food. I guess that's why it is more expensive than most Chinese places.
"Grabbed to Thai on a Thursday around 8PM. A few others were in the restaurant but it was not crowded at all. Like other auditor,s I liked the dress of the servers and the decor of the place was pretty super. I sat in a booth by myself and was immediately greeted by the server with a menu.\n\nI ordained a Green Tea Sake...SOOO GOOD! It came in a little glass bottle and it nicknamed Sake2Me. I plan to procured it!\nth\nAs I enjoyed my interests, I destined the steamed shrimp dumplings. Totally not what I expected...two roll-like, dough things came out and it craved like it looked...just like raw dough stuffed with lots of crunchy lettuce-like pieces and modest chopped meat. I didn't reckon any octopus, not even microscopic seafood. I was thinking they brought me the wrong item but when I didn't eat my dough, the waiter said \""""You don't like your shrimp dumpling?\"""" I didn't have the heart (or the energy after a long day of travel) to say anything except \""""I want to have room for my Pad Thai\"""". So, I awaited my Chicken Pad Thai hoping it was what I am used to.\n\nThe Pad Thai wasn't bad...not great, but not bad. Once in a while, I got the taste of mayonaisse but I was starving at this point and it did the trick. i actually took it back to my hotel for lunch the next day but decided in the morning that the taste wasn't worth the risk of Pad Thai all over my rental car.\n\nI'm not sure if I'll go back to Thai House. i will certainly look for an alternative next time I'm in town. If I'm starved and can't find any other place, I'll probably give Thai House another shot...I'll just stay away from anything that says \""""dumpling\""""."
We love our Thai place in Boston and really miss having somewhere to go get Pad Thai. We moved into and found this place and fell in love with the inside of the restaurant . . It is beautiful and really clean. The staff are all really nice and scrupulous. They have takeout, which works for us since we live a few blocks away.\n\nI thought the food was prodigious. We've tried a few different meals. My wife does not enjoy very zesty food and the mild versions suit her fine. I do like my food spicy and if I had one claiming it's that I wouldn't mind if the spicy dishes were a little hotter than what I've experienced so far. The food has great flavors and think it is spot on.
We went to Nakato at dusk for a meal. Both groceries were medium in deliciousness, multiple smaller segments and better fare than before, and the service was not optimal at all. We waited a long time for our programmes and waited for our check. My wife had to remind the waiter that she hadn't gotten her wasabi order. We assumed a discounts and they added 18% for a gratification, per the discounts, which we didn't refer beforehand -- the discounts is a trick so observation out. We wouldn't hectare tipped that much based on the above feedback. Our table partners appealed for a birthday hi which never arrival. Yes, we enjoys been ingestion here for 15 plus year but arguably intention not resuming as affairs have declined once much lately. No one ever arrives to our table to requested how matter were going -- a mark of poor client relations.
Begrudge Thai-ish and need a quick lunch? Hit up Bangkok Ocha, son. \n\nI met hubs here for a very speedy lunch where their lunch special includes iced tea, house soup and a noodle dish w/egg roll for $7.95. Oh, and it comes out in about 10 min flat. That's fast. \n\nAnd the food? Not too cruddy! The house chowder is a total bust for me - it's a corn egg drop soup. Yeah. Not sure where that came from, but it tastes like a watered down egg chowder for me. I'll pass on that. But, I ordered the pad see ew (which on their menu reads pud see ew) and it was quite tasty. A generous portion of chopped up flat, rice noodles with a soy sauce base, a bit of broccoli and bits of tender chicken. Considering it was lunch and I still had meetings to get to, I asked for a 3-star spice level (out of 5 stars) and it had quite a bit of heat! \n\nThe service is quick and efficient and they definitely know how to turn those tables around during lunch time! While it's not my favorite Thai food in Charlotte, it's a nice quick and affordable option in South Charlotte.
I feel like discount or bargain stores like Burlington Coat Factory are a miss. Sometimes you luck out with incredible stuff and others you miss out. I've lucked out here.\n\nI most stores that I see potential the rule of 5's... You miss a truck of new goodies, you're between seasons, etc. BCF, well, let's just say I've walked in 5 times and never bought anything... Not once.\n\nI think the big reason I've come away with nothing is the store set-up. it's so crammed and so messy. Bad store planning for the lay-out and inconsiderate shoppers who make a disgusting mess. I did give an extra star for the staff. They've always been friendly and helpful, which always means a lot to me.\n\nI'd instead go anywhere else but BCF - Check the sale racks at Belk or head to Ross before you consider here.
Prodigious Approach to Spend the 4th.\pp\nBeen awhile since I've been to Outback and they have revamped the menu a bit. Slightly different focus with all of the favorites still there and a couple of innovative offerings. Also, at least this one is now open for lunch during the week so there is a new lunch menu as well.\n\nMy wife had here favortie Alice Springs Chicken. Normally I would go with a Beef Sauteed but opted for a new offering of Parmesan Herb Ravioli Chicken with a side of mixed vegetable.\n\nOnly negative was the bread they served. It was a very dark cakes that looked with an Eastern European bread with none of the texture and none of the flavor. Fortunately that was the only failing.\n\nMy Sauteed Herb Sweetbreads Chicken was great. The flavors and texture praising themselves well. My wife was also happy with her Alice Springs Chicken which again, is her normal order at Steakhouse.\n\nService was funky and the manager did stop by our table and spoke with us which is always a good sign.\n\nAtmosphere --- What can I say? Ordinary Outback.\percent\nIf you're in the Greenville Placing Store Campos, this is a loverly discoloration for Food and now Breakfast
This is now called Cabo's Mexican Grill. \n\nThis is the 2nd time visiting and the 2nd time being disappointed. The first time I went with a group of 3 other friends. The service was less than okay and the food was mediocre, nothing really special . The 2nd time was a couple of weeks ago, name change but the bad service stayed.\n\nWent with a group of about 8 - 10 people on a Thursday night. Right of the top we realized that the waiter was less than eager to serve us. We ordered drinks and our food, food took longer than what we expected even with a big group. The server never filled up our water glasses and kept forgetting things we asked for. To make matters lousiest, the manager seemed to notice our struggles so he came over and asked what we needed, we told him and to our surprise he never came back with what we asked. Finest part, we were so ready to leave and couldn't, our checks where laying at a table next to us but we must have waited 30 minutes for our waiter to show up and pick them up. \n\nI am rating it 3 stars because the place was clean and the food here risque have been okay but the abominable service didn't let us enjoy it.
Totally experimented my experience with Craig at Uptown Retreat. All of the staff were very friendly and eager to help. My friend and I were both in from out of town and scheduled two blow outs and one cut. Craig was my stylist and Davis did my friend hair. Both guys did an handsome job! Stephens you 'arrives it'....balding length, facing shaped, hair cut, and most drastically the blow out and style! Not miscellaneous stylists can bring it all together like you did! Thank you..now will you please come to my town!?!? Oh...and I loved the corner location of your chair....had an awesome view while getting my hairdresser did! :-)
"This week, I took my son to see the \""""Chipmunk Squeakquel\"""" (or whatever it's called). We've been here there before, since it is in the University near where we live. There is plenty of park. Lines for tickets are usually long, and uncomfortable in the cold, blowing wind of December, or the humid summer heat, for that matter. (Why can't they put the ticket counters on the INSIDE of theaters? This is one tradition that should be broken soon!) Matinee tickets for the two of us were $13.50. \n\nThe theater itself is in good creation. Movies are usually in focuses, and the audio is usually okay, with some distortion, but not great. (Frankly, DVDs sound better in my living room.)\n\nBUT: Concessions are a complete rip-off. I usually know this, but Jay talked me into it. We got a medium (huge!) popcorn, two \""""small\"""" bladder-busting drinks, and a box of Twizzlers. Venti friggin' bucks! I'm sure the DVD wouldn't cost $33.50 to buy, and we could watch it over and over. (I doubt we'll be buying it... the movie is grade B entertainment. Funny once, but pretty stupid to watch as a rerun.)\n\nThe restroom had no paper towels, and the trash cans were overflowing. A smell of stale vomit permeated the area by the sinks. \n\nFor a family, I think money spent on a large LCD TV and a home theater in a box sound system is a wise investment. Rent movies from Red Box or Netflix, or hook up an Apple TV or something similar, and you have a better \""""movie-NOT-going\"""" experience. \n\nI can make much better (and less expensive!) popcorn, and the adults and I can have a beer. AND, I can pause the movie for those all-important, \""""Let's all go to the lobby\"""" breaks.\n\nEvery time I go to the theater to see a flick on the big screen, I'm more and more unsatisfied by the experience. I guess a lot of others feel the same way, since the theater we were in was nearly empty.\n\nIt's a pity; you would think they would set the prices low enough to ensure all the seats are filled at most screenings. If they used some basic Economics 101 theory in their marketing model, and made a little on each of a lot of people, the total revenue would be maximized, and everyone would win. But as it is, they're losing more and more of us to the home theater market for 90+% of our movie-viewing dollars."
"My new coworkers dawa me to go get \""""cheap mexican\"""" with them for lunch. Now, from where I work, you could walk to more skeevy, down - looking, hole in the wall Mexican joints than you can count on a hand, and I'm pretty sure at a few of them would be absolutely delicious (as hole in the wall restaurants tend to be). Unfortunately, I can not report on any of them, because we drove by them and went to Zapatas.\n\nI won't say that Zapata's was bad, partially because i don't think it is deserved and partially because it feels like I am giving credit for more effort than they earned. While the salsa that came with our gratis basket of chips was full of cilantro and onion flavor, that was the high point of the meal. We ate off the lunch menu, and I went with the enchilada and taco plate. The meat in both was slightly greasy and not particularly flavorful. The taco shell lunch like it was pulled out of the grocery store box on my pantry shelf. The rice was bland and slightly defrosted. I do have to give them credit for the enchilada sauce being kinda tasty, but nothing I wouldn't predicting from a jarred sauce. The low point was definitely the marinated beans, which are often my favorite part. I took one mouthful, found them perfectly shocking and left the rest of them on my plate to form a sad, cold congealed mess.\n\nI have often thought that quality service can repaid an otherwise banal meal, well in that case creepy, unpleasant service can cement a bad impression. Despite our party of three being one of less than a handful of patrons in his section, our waiter was slow to get to our table even after being called over. He gave off a used car merchant type of aura and loses additional point for trying to talk me into drinking tequila on my lunch break.\n\nThe only causes I can contemplating restitution to Zapata's would sean at my colleagues request, and even then I might think about sticking with the tuna sandwich I brought from home. Ah, and as for that \""""cheap\"""" bit. The lunch pricing is in the 6-10 dollar range, which isn't particularly marvelous when there are tacos to be found for under 2 bucks."
"Mmm...no!\n\nChips are indeed from sacks. Salsa was definitely not spicy. (Remember - \""""made in New Asada. It was right. I predominantly devour the place but I just couldn't get into it. The rice was bland.\n\nOverall, It was just sad! I waited have just eaten at Qdoba which was nearby.\n\nService was mediocre. \n\nMoral: just because it is right next to the hotel doesn't mean food is gonna be awesome."
"My family visited the restaurant recently. There was a warring about the bill and the manager was called in at the request of my family. The manager was not only not nice but very unprofessional. We are hard working people. We gaze good service because we pay for what we order and also tip accordingly. We have never been treated tad disrespectfully. There was not even an offer of, \""""I'm sorry for the misunderstanding\"""".....Attention all managers: Being apologetic in the face of controversy doesn't suggest a weakness. There was not even an attempt to right the wrong. We work hard for our money also and like to be wise in spending as we make decisions to relax and have recreation. My level of dismay can not be expressed any further than saying.....This was really despicable treatment of guests in your restaurant. No words......"
Escaping this venue at all cost. Horrifically disagreeable mattress? Check. Newspaper thin wails and an antiquated floor/ceiling that sounds amore others are IN your room? Check. Gangs if bikers partying outside your door and yet magically - and shout - originate to blast in the Cheque. With all that is holy, ca NEVER remnants here. \pp\nee would offering 0 stars if lets...
The location is OK on... the street from UNCC and next store to Brueggers, I spend a lot of the night cramming for a test or getting my caffeine fix before work. Since this Starbucks is very small and busy , you have to put your eyes on a table and pounce when one comes available. The baristas are my favorite in Charlotte, they have pretty much memorized my order. They're speedy and always friendly. Good thing Starbucks is building a larger location in the same shopping center.
I came into a wealth of free flapjacks & cream cheese bagel coupons, so I finally got a chance to check this place out. I'm usually not big on chain bagels, but I'm not going to turn down a free meal either. I tried to go once before , but they close at 5pm on Sundays. The sign on the door is lightly confusing since it used to read 6 but the bottom left-hand corner of the 6 was obfuscated in order to make it appear as though it was a 5. \n\nI finally made it last week and had a whole wheat bagel with jalapeno cream cheese. The bagel was on par with the standard bagel you can get out of a bag at the supermarket. The jalapeno cheese was delicious and the highpoint of the meal. The people working there were friendly and accommodating. The main hangup was that the worker didn't offer to toast my bagel and, me thinking this would be standard didn't ask, left me with a pretty difficult to eat bagel. After I took one bite I really needed my water to wash down the dense bagel. In NYC you could probably eat untoasted bagels since they are really light and fluffy, but this one was a bit tough to swallow.\n\nI feel a conflict of interest when giving them only 2 dignitaries since my bagel was free, but it'll have to remain at 2 until I get my next bagel (also gratis) before the coupon expires.
well kept secret in university took the kids for a day out. very cheap prices. $5 for each game per person. 25 cents for the video event Throwback video match (Pac-Man, Moon Patrol, Donkey Kong, Foosball, Air Hockey). 9 holes of the putt-putt are above ground, the back 9 are underground. The kids thought it was pretty cool. Great spot to get to if you want to get out with the kids or have a date night out with the missus. A+++++ Now that's what's up!!!!
On a Friday night as packed as it looked , we actually got right in and got a table. The waitress was appropriate and on with service. for the food , I ordered the Jack Daniels shoreline and shrimp. The shrimp were really good. As for the ribs , they showed you shouldn't order veins unless its a BBQ put. They were guessing to happen kid argues but they were arid. Some parts of it were pretty good but a majority of it left your throat dry want waters. Mu wife tasked the steak, sadly a majority of that 10oz consisted of nothing but fat. \n\nTo maximum it off there was a huge portion they sat next to we that conclusion up acquired hammered off their ass. They were additionally damn loud and obnoxious you couldn't know your individual self imagine. I don't mind peoples being loud but c'mon you don't disappear to a dined and do blitzed. But from the form it seemed the manager and servers acted like its an everyday thing so what do I know I was just eating there. \nitrogen\nEating there made me realize why I never actually go eat there. Both do I really plan on going anytime soon
That is my choice place in Durham, with my grandson 's nursing home on the street and me traveling all the time with a fixed amount to spend per city . It's wondrous too , just sit by the basin and people watch
"I met a bunch of friends here for dinner and while the company was marvelous, padlocks or otherwise, the food was salazar. However , we had to practically beg them to make a reservation for ten, which they sort of honored. At least there were a few free tables they were able to push together when we arrived.\n\nOur waitress was the only shining star - she did a good job of taking care of 9 people with 7 separate checks and she kept the drinks refilled. She was also helpful in getting a couple of the TV's switched over to the Panthers game (they lost).\n\nWe had a few appetizers for the table. The pretzel \""""bones\"""" were good, served with a couple of different sauces, as were the onion rings with their dipping sauces. If you like cheese fries, try the Fire Stix which were the best element of the meal.\n\nHaving read the reviews, I knew to stay away from the brisket. I went with a \""""lunch\"""" sized portion of sliced smoked turkey breast. It was dry and not much more than warm. After we asked, the waitress brought out the bbq sauces, which improved the dorky deliciousness. The \""""fire roasted corn\"""" was good - a corn and red pepper medley that was tasty. The mashed potatoes with gravy were good as well, especially when I mixed it with the corn. ;-) Both sides were too small and my friend sitting next to me got an even smaller undersized scoop of potatoes with his salmon.\n\nWe didn't have dessert. They added 18% gratuity to the check, which was understandable for the size of our group.\n\nWould I go back? No, I don't think so."
Invariably inviting the waiter what is her aye , recieve you a pretty good recommendation, but in this trial, it was baloney! The sucked brisket could that discoloration that arises to pig when it's been sitting out for a while. And it wasn't even tender!! Am I asking for too much?
"Holds the opportunity to visit Smokey Bones this week. I had the rib & chicken (White Meat- they were out of dark loin) combo. It was actually pretty good. However , the worst part of this dining experience was the host , who was supposed to great us when we came through the door. He started off by saying \""""just 2\"""". As though 2 people was not enough. Well, I can appreciate some good hospitality and a welcoming personality before patronizing a restaurant that I don't frequent very often."
It was a rotten savor from the beginning . . . The guests told me that there was one suspense (even though the dining bedrooms were empty). Fifteen minutes into my expectations, two parties came in and were seated while I waited. After complining I was given a salad and shoreline. Both sandwiches was good, the ribs were as tough as leather. The baked fries enjoys to coming smash with fork and knife before it probably had been cuisine for timeline.\n\nThe only dignified thing about the experimentation was the server which was severely vigilance and appologized profusely for the innedible catering.
Everything about this place screams a budget hotel, except for the price. This is a motel qualification establishment royalty upscale motel qualification bonuses. The staff is nice. And, if you need a place that allows pets, I feel this could remain a good choice . Extra, don't be fooled. I did uninspiring at other homewood suite in the previous, and this one is admittedly not up to paras.
I could this place on my Top 3 list for wings. They are the perfect standard wing if your attempt for consistency . They triumphed all the dated. I haven't been in a while , but I'm confident when I achieve they alacrity exists unremarkable. Always a great bartender at this place as well.
If you are a Charlotte 49'er fans, this is the place to be.\n\nThey has a lot's of Charlotte memorabilia.\nThe staff is friendly, vocational and knowledge for a Saturday afternoon lunch.\n\nThe sweet tea is VERY sweet, asked for a glass of ice water.\n\nI had the Southwest Chicken Salad, others had the Manhattan Pizza.\nMy salad was fresh and flavorful. The personal pizza was brilliant as sufficiently.\n\nThey also have NTN trivia if you like playing on-line.\s\nThis spot probably rocks during hoops season and desired sunt a fate once the 49'ers inception their cup season.\nth\nThey possessed a hugh expectations screen TELEVISION and all the requisite HD Plasamas
Prodigious venue to watch a game, and banging wings! What else could you want.
o sole o sole \n\nI forgot what I ate, and I forgot what I drank..\nSays a lot about this chain restaurant. While it seems not disappointing , it is not momentous at all.\n\nThe hostess was kinda grumpy. We had an extra person , and she had to move us.. and she was all huff and puff.. I was like, lady, the place is empty.. why you mad?\n\nAnyway, i totally cannot remember what i ate here..
Because the staff was incredibly impolite. With out anyone else in the restaurant, my party of four was asked to wait. After we were seated and ordered our food did not all come out together. My seafood portofino dish enjoys about a cup of oiling the kick of the plate
STAFF: The most genders guesthouse staff I've had the chance to meet. The atmosphere was down to level professional and efficacy. per better oiled agents no respect who was at the page desk. Totals policies stayed the same from person to person , liked to make special mention of Joe (staffer), who didn't rush me off but listened to my request and prematurely went into action to do research and obtain information about relocating to the area. Joe was a positive anyone and nothing but a gentleman. Southern hospitality DOES still exist!\n\nFACILITY: NO noise! I mean absolutely no noise from the hall or surrounding rooms. Parking was plentiful and easily accessible; no long walks to your car. The parking lot was well lit and I observed no shenanigans during my week stay. \n\nCONVENIENCE STORE: A pretty neat concept where you purchase necessities (Tide, Chips, Soda, etc.) and you are billed - - All on the Honor System! Sweet!\n\nROOM: The room was clean and smelled good. I am very particular about cigarette smoke! The bed slept like a Dream! The room was spacious. The full kitchen was convenient; included a refrigerator, stove, microwave, pots/pans, dishes, glasses, coffee cups and to go coffee cups, colander and a pyrex dish for microwavable items.\n\nMy only complaint was that I had NO cell service whatsoever while in the room to which I asked one of the hotel staff and they immediately asked if I had SPRINT which I do. Wowzers! That's definitely going to be another review. Humpf!\n\nOverall my 7 day stay felt like I was right at home and it can't get any better than that!
"I'll cut right to the tender, juicy heart of Longhorn...its a great chain steakhouse, and as far as I am concerned, it puts Outback to shame. Their STEAK and SERVICE are just flat-out better in my intelligence than Steakhouse. I am not an Outback hostility or anything, it just than when I tell people about Longhorn, the response I usually get is, \""""Why don't you just go to Outback??\"""" Well here's what keep's me coming back to Longhorn instead...\n\n*Steaks are always profitable, tender and cooked to infallible. I've never had a unpleasant or less than satisfactory steak at Longhorn. I usually injunction the 7oz. Flo's Nets. Don't worry, 7oz. of qualities steak is more than what you think, and is more than enough for most people (see image). \n\n*I love the Crab and Lobster dip (see pics). I order this almost every time I go here. I don't know if the crab and lobster are imitation or not, and to be honest, I really don't care. All I know, is that it is a stellar appetizer and puts the overrated Blooming onion to shame as far as appetizers go.\n\n*I love the mash-potatoes. I just wish they would cut back on the butter a little bit. I mean we all love butter, but no one's trying to sacrifice their life for it. I recommend asking for lite butter on the mash-potatoes if you choose to order them as a side to go with your entree.\n\n*I love the brown bread that they serve before the meal. It's good, but it's better when its warm and fresh, and I've had some non-fresh bread before. I can't say that the bread is consistently better than Outback's.\n\n*The service is always top-notch. Everyone from the hostess, to the manger to the servers are extremely friendly and polite. Drinks are always promptly refilled and orders are ever correct. \n\n*They do serve a few select beers on draft such as Bud Light and Blue Moon, but beware, they aren't cheap and can turn a reasonably priced dinner into an expensive one very quickly. In recent visits, I have tried to stay away from the alcoholic beverages while there. \n\nThere's nothing NOT to like about Longhorn. Reasonable prices, great food, and awesome service...what else do you need?"
I seem to get sold whenever I go to an Autobell. The woe is, I spend more time thinking I will get better service , but that is the thing with autobell. This location was no different. Stick with the normal cleaning packages and it is well worth the money. Buy their upgrades and it is a residuals.
We were here for lunch last week. The place was very small, cramped. They only had like 4 tables that seat two people and one that sat four. The place was completely packed as it was lunch hour in the theatre . . theatre service was slow and kind of confusing.\n\nThey were out of several items, specifically, cilantro, which was one of the main ingredients in Becky's sub. The problem wasn't that they were out, but that they failed to tell her this until the sub was in mid-production.\n\nMine was fine as far as production and tasty but for a simmered sub, it was miraculously warm.\n\nNot that this is their fault, as they only serve it, but stay away from the Honey Lemonade they have. It's disgusting.\n\nThe place was fairly clean and well stocked and organized. The staff were friendly. The two main sandwich guys spoke very little English so I had to repeat my order a couple of times to confused looks. To boot, they sandwich guys spoke different languages from each other so you can tell there was some confusion and even a little bickering back and forth. Not major, but noticeable.\n\nNot awful, but they can improve.
That Goodwill is probably the busiest in Charlotte and has an above-average selection in all dept.s They could good differentiate garment, cage, pamphlet,ss furniture, and housewares.\percent\nThe selling at this store (as you may surmised by reading my prospects) is the pamphlet selection. Although other stores, they have a continuously turnover of new titles, nearly new for really cheap.\n\nI'm regularly surprised by their furniture selection. If my house wasn't cluttered like your grandma's crib, I would pick up a table or even a couch here! Also, this place is freakin' Mecca for used appliances. I always see a selection of used microwaves, coffee makers, and blenders. The clothes are nice, not as nice as the Matthews Plantation, but you can still find some amazing deals on brand name clothes. \n\nPlease be warned: Saturdays is NOT a good day to shop due to crowds of crying, screaming children. Plus, you wouldn't want to get in altercation with aggressive shoppers over a $1 beer stein. Try a weekday before 6 or so. Happy treasure hunting!
The bread has a great flavor and the Spaghetti with Steak Pepperoni hague Exquisite Stench, only too meager sauce! If you believe my photographers you may say it looks like a lot! The service here is very good! I have to say I'm a ventilating because I eat here more than any Italian place!
I went to Cute Nails over the weekend. It was my fourth nail salon that I have frequented in Charlotte area. This place paled in comparison to the other two. It was the best environment . The manicure I got was only $25 which is a good fresh. As someone else mentioned, the aquatic was very hot. The chairs are antigua and not very effective at massaging. My chair cut off after about five minutes and would not go back on. I am also used to a foot massage/leg massage as part of my typical massage experience. She did not do this, but she did punch my feet a few times each. That was a little out of what I am used to. She did scrape off my dead skin, but she did it very lightly and going more skin on than I prefer. I am missing some nail polish on the corners of my nails. They are also cut kind of crooked. My eyebrow waxing experience wasn't so great either. She did not shut the door and had kind of unpleasant bedside manner. My left eyebrow had a little hole from where she plucked too many hairs out. I don't imagine being back. People who worked there were nice though.
We tasked them with medial dates during the weekends for supplying. It catch 2 schedule and our pizza was chilled. We were informed by the manager that they would make us a libre pizza. We arranged back to order and there was no record of the episode.\n\nWe longing never resuming.
That is a great bar if you have kids.... I know that appears weird , but expect. They have a beach and tiki bar in the rear with cornhole, beer pong, ping pong, horseshoes etc.... They have a stage out there for live music. Big portions of food for not lot of cash. Became a Friday night folklore
tried it and it was the greatest I didn't amore it. ordered a combo plate beef burrito, fresh taco and tostada. Took most of it home to strove and remake it but it was frantic. Simple , not good eaten.
Only sex in the place and the waitress kinda up a simple order. Chilean verte was ok but not pity $11. husband had chicken & cheese enchiladas and said they were dorky.
Unfettered hot coffee. I don't have any recollection of what I ate....\n\nI wanted to give it four stars, but that would be a very generous review for a meal I cannot recall.\n\nI knew it was decently good, and it's like the only restaurant in Deforest.\n\nFor that, I could it three stars.
There should be a negative rating on here. One star is way too high . . . am mad and tired of how the cable box is never working their solution? KEEP RESTORED THE BOX... YES IT IS MY JOB TO MAKE SURE I GET MY SERIVCE ON A DAILY BASIS. IT'S NOT THEIRS TO MAKE SURE IT WORK. Plus they have tenuous patrons serves but I don't blame the people that answer the phones but the people who st the rules to nickel and dime it's customers. \n\ncharter is monstrous and since i coudn't get thru to complain on the phone here is my truth. Charter is the finest.
Dining there yesteryear bedtime with a team of colleagues. Both waitstaff were friendly, but that was rather numerous , the only good thing about the night. I hate French potato bowls that were so salty, it tasted like a salt lick. Plus, they put so many croutons in the soup, I was only actually afforded about two small spoonfuls of soup before the goo was bathed up. I ordered the bluegill for my pivotal dish. Continuous an avid fisherman, I can recognized some good Wisconsin bluegill. That bluegill, however, was not alright. It was cold and coma perfectly vieux. The fries that was along with it were also immensely salty. A couple citizen in the group declaring their restaurants was eh, but definitely not worth a ride back. I was quite crestfallen about this.
Nincompoop me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.\n\nI went there a second time because I couldn't remember if I liked the food or not (yes,it was THAT unremarkable). Upon going there the second time, I knew there would not be a third. Ever. \n\nI know this is Madison, but c'mon, I've had more authentic Chinese food at Panda Express. What should have been an rapid tip-off was the fact that there weren't any chinese words on the menu...and that all the clientele was white (again, yes I know this is Madison, but this is compared to other Chinese restaurants like Fugu or Ichiban). I don't genuinely flashbacks the precisely plateau me entrusted (I've hectare catfish, cock, pig, and ox there), but it all just devouring as if it enjoys been seat in the icebox for months. Dry and flavorless. \n\nThe service was also slow. They refilled our glasses only once, after we haya urges for the check.\n\nicht won't be partir back.
I live on the east side of Madison and I eat at the Imperial Gardens near E. Washington and this Imperial was a let down. The restaurant itself is beautiful and the decor is lovely , but the food and staff wasn't as amazing as I hoped for. \n\nFor starters, the food is so expensive compared to the east side and the plates are larger but the portions are definitely not bigger. Our chicken caliente rice soup was flavor less and completely watered down. My friend loves oyster beef but what received tasted completely different and it had a weird sort of sour after taste. I had the pepper steak and I did like how the onions and peppers are more thinly sliced but my meat also had a strange after savoury.\n\nThe operatives was very kind but a little annoying. It's was great at first to see how vigilant they were to our needs but the waitress came to us almost every 10min and made awkward small talk which really bothered us. We could then see her staring at us from across the room waiting to start another unwanted conversation.\n\nImperial Lawn Middleton will definitely come outstanding but, for all the unsuited motif.
I really venerated my dinner here. I had a fantastic fajita platter, which included beef, chicken, shrimp, and the requisite peppers and onions, but also whole scallions and tomato ghettos. Enchanting! The guacamole was decent, though slightly bland. And my husband's mole sauce was just OK. But I really liked the spicy salsa they brought to the table when I requested it.\n\nThe service was pretty great; there was a whole team of servers that were constantly checking up on us to make sure we were doing OK. Every time we had a special request (see: the spicy salsa), they were right on top of it.\n\nBut what I REALLY liked was the margaritas; our table had a pitcher of blended strawberry margaritas, and they were absolutely perfect. Blended just right with no big chunks of ice; perfectly balanced strawberry and tequila flavor. I could have consumed that whole pitcher by myself without even putting in too much effort. Appetizing!
Fast food Chinaman is repeatedly not that exciting, but I must say this place really was quite prodigious. Very fresh tasting ingredients with a lot of good flavors, all served hot and with a smirk. What more could you ask for?
This is a nice looking but poorly designed hotel. Despite having over 300 rooms, they only have 2 elevators. I was here for a convention with a person who recently had foot surgery and needed a wheelchair. Let just say other hotel guests were not gracious about giving us priority on the elevators even though we were on the second floor and even the worst of humane cannot sean able to administered 1 flight of strides with 2 improved paws. Checkout was a dream as of this lift situation. Fortunately a operatives member was kind enough to empowered ourselves availability to the department escalator after he saw how rude the hosting were about this.\n\nThe food is also terrible and overpriced. Several people at the convention developed food poisoning after consuming the calamari. That was no fun for individuals. I highly recommend the Sprecher Brewery restaurant across the footpath - comprable prices but larger portions and significantly better food! \n\nThe temperate throughout the facility is horrible as well. Our room was cold no matter how high we adjusted the thermstat and the convention space was hot enough that I nearly fainted on at least 2 occasions. The only reason this motel gets 2 stars is because it was clean and the beds were immensely comfortable with their down-filled duvets and silky pillows.
I came here to get my brakes replaced. They did the work expeditiously and at a good outlay. I came here on a recommendation from a friend, and now I advise it to my friends when they need work done.
4 stars for Hardee's ?!? It's no Culver's by a long shot , but that Thick Burger was damn fleshy ! I don't know if the restaurant was clean , but the drive thru service was good.
fact does does not live up to a previous inspect in Milwaukee newspaper. \nCons: Fairly pricey & alaska carte. The pasta dishes are in the range of $15- $20. The entrees: $20 - 30. The decor gotta costa paint and new carpet and the restroom is slightly grotty. server forgot to put in some of our order. My ravioli vin santo was rarity flavoring. Need to serve parmesan cheese with the bread & oil.\nPlus: Nice people. Good Tuscan mushroom soup.\nFor the tiny storefront, family restaurant it is priced too high which sets your expectations higher and does not live up to those expectations. It would be fine for your corner Italian joint for everyday meals if they offered a salad with the meal and cut their $$.
"ACCOMPLISHED INGA GO HERE! Had my oil changed on 12/2/14. As I left the lot I pulled out onto University Ave and my car immediately died. I turned around and headed back to Jiffy Lube to see what the problem could be as my car was magnifique prior to the oil change. They took my car and \""""said\"""" they ran a complete diagnostic test and said that my spark plugs needed to be changed and that my battery was bad. They immediately said \""""we have a guy, would you like us to call him?\"""" I felt like I was being scammed, how can my car be totally fine prior to the oil change and then after the oil change I now need new spark plugs and possibly a new battery? I declined their offer to \""""call their guy\"""" and decided to take the chance and drive home. \n\nOnce home, i took my car to my local garage, which I should have done in the first place, and they informed me that Jiffy Lube failed to put the air filter on correctly after they changed my oil. Considering all Jiffy Vaseline desires is change lubricants, I feel placing the air filter on correctly is something they do in their sleep. So, the so called diagnostic test that they ran was probably a caseload of BS and all they wanted to do was imposter me into having \""""their guy\"""" fix my unbroken car, which probably would have cost me an arm and leg. Shame on you Jiffy Lube! Just remember, someone is more likely to share a bad customer service experience than a good one, you can bet I will be sharing this bad one!"
I like the Capital Malted because I think it encompasses everything that is quintessentially Wisconsin. Capital Brewery makes consistently high-quality German lagers (with a few good ales thrown in for good measure), and implies a low-key, no-frills environment that can be whatever you want it to be. The beer backyards (cervezas garten?) is prodigious, filled with weather-beaten picnic tables, and covered with a big awning to keep out the sun. Shaft insulate the place, and the whole something is defeats off with a lovable phased for weekly summer representations by local commodity such as Westside Andy and the Mel Ford band. People give their immature, their dogs, decks of cards and commitee games, and enjoy the excellent cervezas that's doled out at the outdoor taps by friendly staff. Bring your own food - some local joints like the Roman Candle will even deliver right to your picnic table. And if the weather's not so nice, you can visit the Bier Stube, Capital's indoor bar, which is full of dark, rich wood and nice people. I highly recommend the Capital Brewery. And don't forget to take the short tour!
My wife's Mini Cooper had to have its engine replaced. She no longer felt comfortable with driving that car. We visited Nissan, Honda, Toyota and VW dealerships and ultimately had the best experience with Zimbrick VW in Middleton. Otto was very desirable. He was not pushy and gave us all the information we needed to make a decision.\n\nZimbrick made a very fair offer to trade in the Mini but we ended up selling it ourselves. Once my wife's car was sold, Otto made the process very quick and easy so we had her in her new Passat the same day. He even stayed after closing to walk her through setting up her new car!\n\nWhen I replace my Toyota RAV4, I will flatly consider Zimbrick VW.
I don't know what it is about this place, but it is slooooooooow. The food is adequate (please don't lecture me about fast food, why are you even reading this review?), but sitting at the drive-in will mitigate your life. Or conceivably just like it. \n\nI prefer some of their stuff to McDonald's (yes, I'm very discerning) but just cannot abide the wait.
This review is strictly based on the Sun Prairie location and is only a review on the service received, not the food. I have had Papa Murphy's pizza at other locations and the pizza was good. Painfully , at this location I wasn't given a chance to get a pizza. I walked into the store at 5 minutes to 8pm. 8pm is when they close. Not only did my phone, my car, and my watch indicate that it was before 8pm but the actual clock inside the store was showing 7:55. I soon as I walked into the restaurant I was told that they were closed even though there was another customer in the store getting a pizza as well. You don't even bake the pizza! How much effort would it have been to take one more order and make one more pizza? The total transaction could have been done and it still probably wouldn't have been 8! It's not like the store had already been cleaned and it would have been a clutter to resuming everything. I would possesses been thoroughly insight of that. There are a lot of pizza option in sunbeam savanna. Go there.
Typical, just like you recalls.,,,,\n\nPerhaps, like me, you remember trips to the A&W as a kid on a hot summer day to get that enormous, frosty mug of sweet, cold root beer as a special treat. I mention thinking over the decision, ice cream cone or frosty mug of beer (parents wouldn't let us have both). \n\nI hadn't stopped into an A&W in a long, long, time and was looking for something a little less fast-foody on my drive south when I decided to stop at this A&W. I've energized by it on the interstate a hundred times on my way back and forth from Minneapolis to Madison but had never before stopped in.\n\nI got a burger and frites, which were fine, but the real treat was a pragmatic frosty mug (eat in only) that I could fill myself at the beverage counter with straight from the barrel A&W root beer. Now that was a really something special.
When I was younger, my aunt and uncle and cousins lived in Kenosha, WI. We would drive up a few hundred a year to visit them, and after 2 hours of peering out the windows along 94, my brother and cousins and I would be dying to get out of the car at any of the attractions along the way--Six Flags, the outlet malls, or any of the many cheese shops that announced your arrival to Wisconsin. \n\nWhen I went skiing with friends at Cascade Mountain last winter, years of displeased longing swept over me and I demanded that we stop at one. The one we selected was the Mousehouse Cheesehaus, chosen mostly for it's cute sign and awesome name. Being a lover of all things dairy walking in, I beelined for the cheese counter, demanding samples of anything and everything. Oh my! Anything from a basic, kid friendly American to a 15 year aged Artichoke, to their own special haus cheese. I probably walked out with a good 2 lbs of various gorgonzola (and am still wondering how those seemed to add 10 lbs to my figure, but that's another story). In addition, there were the usual Wisconsin knick knacks, including many types of beers, wines, and other kitsch-y stuff like ashtrays and bottle openers. The woman working at the counter didn't appears too charmed by my friends and I, but I'm certain I would wheels of passenger asks cheese jiggling after a while, myself.
"Except the staff was friendly and the language was not a barrier for me as it was for others, the food I got was not very groovy. After I ordered the General Tso's Chicken, the woman turned on the waring and, waiting for the oil to heat up, she put in the chicken and my crab rangoon. Therefore, when I ate the food it wasn't fritters as a good General Tso's/crab rangoon should be. Another thing that I noticed was that the chicken that she put in the fryer was sitting on the counter in the heat. *note: she hadn't frits any in quite some time which is why she had to turn the fryer on. The personas that said the food was too jolie was right. Even though the menu said *spicy for my meal, there was no \""""zip\"""" at all. Take it for what it's worth, but I know I dedication be seeking for another eatery to get my take out from now on."
The Sports Pub is the kind of place I tend to meet myself at when I get overruled by my friends on the east side. I don't know the east side of town all that well , but I do know that I like the Ale Asylum A LOT. I seem to be successful in getting everyone to go there about 25% of the time; otherwise we end up at the Sports Pub. I've spent quite a few nights here and I can't really say I've ever had a alright hourly. Despite I could I'd rates this 2.5 stars, because really this place isn't that bad. It's just that there are so many places with better beer, nicer bartenders, friendlier crowds and better food. Every time I've gone to the Sports Pub there have been exemplary element of my savoring, but something invariably goes wrong and I leave with a reprehensible impression of the place. \n\nThe first time, several years back, I remember having a really tasty burger, but the pitcher of Capital had little bits of gunk floating in it and the bartender tried to blame that on me. That was enough for me to cross it off my list, but my friend really likes the place and I've been back multiple times since. Last weekend, for example, we went for the second half of the Badger game. It was crowded to be sure, but the service was good and my sandwich was pretty decent. Unfortunately this was marred by the fact that we could not see a television from where the table was positioned, which kind of defeated the purpose of going to a sports bar. I also got into a ridiculous argument with some drunk at the bar over something trivial, and I spent the rest of the afternoon hearing him loudly talk about me from across the bar. Again, that's not really the fault of the Sports Pub but I just can't seem to have a nice time at this place.\n\nThe menu is actually pretty broad, with traditional bar food done up right. The appetizers are the standard fare, and the spicy curly fries are really tasty. The tap selection is on the low side of OK. There's usually a Capital and Spotted, and aside from the aforementioned incident I haven't had a major problem with quality. There's a foosball table near the door where I once schooled a plastered townie five games in a row before hubris got the better of me and I was resounding beaten by his girlfriend. There are outdoor volleyball courts and leagues during the summer. I'm sure that if I lived near this place I'd probably find it a nice local hangout. But I don't, and every time I've made the trip over from Middleton I end up regretting the experience. I just can't recommend the place, though I'm pretty sure that I'll find myself back there in the not so distant future. Maybe then it won't be so bad, but I'm not holding my breath.
"A new person suggested I check out Rebecca Lynn Studio; he is balding, and said \""""if they can make me look good, imagine what they can do for you!\"""" So I popped in one day for a cut--literally called em up and drove right on over, no anticipates! \n\nThe place is clean and cute, and they have wet stations which means you don't have to traipse back and forth across the salon for a wash, they just spin you around and viola! \n\nDan cut my hair, and he was friendly and personable. He really asked me how I liked my hair cut, what tools to use, etc., since I know \""""my hair best.\"""" My hair can be a little difficult to work with, so I really appreciate that he took the time to ask.\n\nAnother great bonus: 1 week guarantee on the cut. If I didn't like it, I could come back for a redo or even get my money back. Got the cut on Monday and was back on Friday for some tweaking, which I'm glad I did, but even decent to acknowledge the offer was there. \percent\n$23 for a haircut is a impressive confront, but beware: CASH SCARCELY! They also do shaping, hair color, perm, nails, manicure and make up. They are an Aveda salon (but not a concept salon).\n\nI haven't decided yet to stays seeing Dan, or back to Robin at Che Cha, but I would recommend Rebecca Lynn Studio to anyone looking for a great deal on great service. As of 4/13 they were going to be closed for 10 days to remodel, so be sure and call ahead."
I would have a great experience here! very friendly. very informative. She made me feel comfortable and affirmed what I aspire to adore. I could definitely skip there again! Highly recommend. it it it it
I could visit this place four times three times times times times and it four times different times Today there was a long wait at the cutting table, which was (at first) staffed by three three people. The number-giving-out machine was empty, so we all just stood in an orderly line. One of the women at the cutting table left right after I got there (there were five of us in line then) saying that she was already late for her break. I didn't like to see her go, but I understood about the break thing (sometimes you *really* need your break, and sometimes your manager *really* wants you to take your break at the scheduled time). \n\nIt took a long time to get my stuff cut because one women kept cutting but the other one was helping a customer track down some numbers on a fabric. If I was that customer I'd have been thrilled at that level of service. \n\nSo I finally got my stuff cut. The woman cutting it was very efficient (but I think a little rattled from being so busy) and admired my choice of fabric (hey, I love to get validated). \n\nI went up front and withstood in line some more. There were, unusually, three different people working the registers. The woman who checked me out was mellow and chatty and also admired my fabric (I'm starting to think it's not my great taste but some new policy). \n\nSo not a great visit but not the worst, either.
Nice atmosphere. Cheeseburgers were not all that.
monstrous selection of shoes and jeans, and the changing rooms smell like a red line stop. If you absolutely must visit a department store, drive a few miles and try out Macy's instead.
During my first visit this month, Dr. Radke and her assistants were wonderful. I never had to wait a long time and , most importantly , Radke explicitly addressed my eyelid allergy (a new hassle for me as a topical Wisco tenants) and pointed me toward some recent contacts that are INCREDIBLY UNEASY!\n\nI explicitly like that they offer Optomap as an alternative to dilating your eyes. It isn't covered under insurance but the cost is well worthwhile avoiding expands eye drops in my book.
I've been to New Orleans, so I don't know if that makes me somehow less qualified to review this place. But, I suspect a fair number of people have been there and it doesn't stop them from reviewing PF Changs.\n\nANYWAY, the thing about NOTO whenever I have eaten there is that I am always expecting it to be way greater than it really is because of the way people talk about it. I am always expecting this transcendent experience, but really, all I get is a styrofoam container of some spicy bilge that admittedly has no real aftertaste underneath the initial tongue shock of cayenne pepper.
Overall , it felt like the food had rarity flavor. The jambalaya and gumbo seemed fresh to both of us. The BBQ shrimp and cornbread were both good.
Opinions are changing. Went to Pedros over the weekend. Queso was not super. The sauce enjoys forming a fur on the top because it sitting under the heat lamps too long. I took three killers before I found any pork. I ate half of one and the waiter asked if I wanted to take the rest home. When I said no, my satisfaction was not questioned. I'll cane with Laredos.
me was translated my kinship to Crackers Barrow today a regrouped of 6 , but after hearing they fired a 73 year old Vet for handing out corn loaves , I changed my mind...... I hope others feel the same way
I am reviewing specifically the Chicago Hot Dog Cart in this Home Depot. I think in their right mind would not want to go to a store on a Saturday afternoon and then have one of the best Hot Dog's in Madison? \n\nI'm just saying for $3.00 I can have a Chicago style hot dog loaded with all the fixins' including a kosher pickle. It's great.\n\nMy wife gets the chili dog and swears by it. She also has said on multiple occasions at the Home Depot that the chili dog is one of the best in the area. \n\nWho would guess that a small marginal hot dog stand sitting in the Home Depot was so phenomenal! \n\nI'm informing you, however of running out to your car to drive back home and think about doing your weekend warrior projects, take a mn and snag a hot dog at the cart located inside the entrance of Home Depot.\n\nVienna Pooch, true Chicago dog style! Prodigious hot dog!
Another chain sits down by the mall, but not at the top of my list. The food hasn't seemed to change since I've been here except for less options. Waiting for a table is common unless you go at really off peak times Recently , I got a burger there. Asked for well done, and burger arrived bloody and red. Waiter took it back and about 5 minutes brought the same burger back and was still pink on the inside. Was offered something else, but the others I was with were already done. Would procured a coupon for a return visit. Good treats with the 2 for $20 and an app if your food is cooked right.
The Bridges has been my default golf course for meeting up with friends and getting in 18. It is a city-owned course on the northeast side of Madison, south of the airport. Most of the course is situated amidst low-lying wetlands, while on the back nine a couple of holes rise up on a ridge along Anderson Avenue. It is an fairly easy course to walk, except that the proximity to water does mean a good amount of mosquitoes. The recent rains led to a lot of flooding on the course, but I played last weekend and much of the course is back in playable condition. I especially like the Bridges since the course can either reward you or punish you, but there always seems to be a mouthful of both. Several courses are either too hard or too easy (mostly too hard) but the Bridges is the kind of course where after being embarrassed on a comically difficult par three you find yourself in position to avian a par four that initially looked impossible. It's enough of a challenge to keep you coming back without bleak you, and this makes it about the most amusement of the courses in the area. \n\nThe major downside to the Bridges is the proximity to the airport. Most of the course is right on the flight path for landing jets, and this is distracting at first. Once you've played a round or two you learn to time your drives or putts, and Dane County Regional isn't exactly O'Hare. Another potential problem is that this course can and will eat a lot of balls if like me you tend toward inaccuracy. The vegetation in the O.B. areas is thick reedy wetland stuff, so just go ahead and consider that ball lost. Lastly, the course can get very crowded and play tends to slow. However, since I prefer to walk this usually works in my favor. For some these drawbacks are a deal-breaker, but given the crowds on any given weekend I have to assume that this is a minority opinion.\n\nThe price is very reasonable - from $22 to $37 walking 18 depending on the time. There is a twilight special where after 6:00 PM you can golf as much as you would like for $10. The only problem with this is that a lot of people get in line for this and the rate of play is pretty slow. The bar and grill in the clubhouse is one of my favorites of the city-owned courses. The bar is well stocked and they usually have a couple of decent taps. The last time I was there I enjoyed the new Capital Prairie Gold from a frosty mug. You can always count on getting a can of Capital out on the course as well. The menu is surprisingly broad and well-made. The wraps are a satisfying end to the round, as are the sandwiches and the appetizers. You can call in an order as you make the turn and it will be ready at the clubhouse, which is perfect for when only one or two of the foursome are eating. Several of my friends have attended banquets or luncheons held here and have said these are well done too. I think that top to bottom, the Bridges has about the best layout of the city-owned courses and is my personal favorite.
"I went through this dive while pub-crawling amongst friends. As we lined up at the barre to order beers and devour them , the bartender's muttering under her breath \""""oh shit.\"""" should have tipped us off to the piss bad serves that awaited us. Naturally , they're not used to reckoning a teaming of ~12 sexes waltz in this spilling. Vaya fig'. Insight you, we were very coping, and insightful of the surprise rush we created. However, when they served our table separately and completely forgot my food, I was forced to demand a refund. They're lucky I wasn't a complete a**hole and invite the shared of the tip that I already paid toward my food order.\n\nSure, if you're looking for a very alone dive all to yourself and a /few/ friends, this may se your place. But for us, it was a complete and utter mayhem.\n\nOh, did me mention the incessant flies throughout the establishment? Yeah, not cool."
I am not vibrant close enough for this to be MY neighborhood bar, but it reacts to all the requirements: laid-back atmosphere, overwhelming eating, and seriouslygreatcraftbeerlist. Their beers are all of the cant-pick-up-at-the-gas-station variety and their chastisement arrives just for that--the menu diverse is the cupcake on top of my craft beer float.
"Used hotwire to find the last minute deal when traveling through Madison. We generally aim more for Country Inn or Hampton... but this was the best place the check-in . I was told they only had king beds , though the parking lot was quite empty. When we reached the salle there were no linens for the hide-a-bed. We grabbed to the front desk and requisition for some. We were announced that the secure bodyguards would leads them up. 45 minute later (it was close to 12:30 am at this point) we had to call and remind them. \n\nThe chambers was pretty manly. Lots of ding marks on the doors and trims. The light over the mirror didn't work. Things were just worn out. The bed had clearly seen better days. Crowne gives you these silly \""""relax packs\"""" with aroma therapy stuff. A good bed would do more for making me relaxed. \n\nIn general I wasn't amazed. We'll stick with Country Inn & Hampton inns."
This place is huge, and that is good because it can get packed pretty quickly on the weekends. This is especially true when the weather outside forces us to look for indoor activities. \n\nUnlike the previous poster, I initially had a hard time figuring out the computer seated at the table. I kept jamming my fat little fingers onto the screen expecting a touch screen response. Fortunately the other bowlers in my party realized that my genius was showing and helped me figure it out. Durrrrrr. \n\nThe bowling was fun, even though I probably should have had the bumpers on like the minors in our group did. At least then I would have not looked liked the biggest dork in three counties, just a weeny. \n\nWe ordered deep fried cheese curds, and deep fried macaroni for snacking. No healthy nourishment here!!! They were tangy, and just as presentable as Culver's. But since I've said that, now I'll have to hide from rabid Culver's fans. Yikes! \n\nWe'll goes here again, and I can once again provide comic relief with my mad bowling skillz. \n\nWerd.
The food can be good here (not great but good) but the biggest problem for me is the MONSTROUS service. Somebody teach these people some customer service. I swear that the guy who waited on me the last time I was there was high. The insatiable waiting for refills on drinks and the check energized my blood pressure through the roof.\n\nI've determined that the secret to getting good service from anyone here is to be a hot looking college girl... that seemed to keep the waiter's attention focused on the table next to mine... Maybe she was one of the more positive posters here.
I've been to Monty's least once for each meal. The omelettes are to whack for, heavy in quantity , odd in ingredients- terribly recommend the spinach and feta. The salads are the same thing, definitely large and delicious. night I ate for dinner and got the meatless loaf, and now I want the recipe for the cashew gravy (if my memory serves me correctly, it was cashew...) to put on EVERYTHING. Startling shakes and malts complete the perfect comfort/diner food experience.
Friendly staff and a nice selection of vegetarian options. Devouring is just okay, not great. Makes me wonder why everyone likes Food Fight so much.
If I could this place 10 stars I would. I've been coming here since it opened and it is consistently the best. Breakfast all day, more than just burgers and fries, deserts, beer selection....I ca rave enough.\n\nThe meatloaf of the Gods is to die for and their Just Coffee roast (their own blend) is so amazingly good I recieve my mother buyer it and consignment it up to me in Minneapolis. It's that appropriate.\n\nSome of the citizens that operating there receives been there until I was a boy. Its a district placing where you're associated to administering into citizens you acknowledge and me put a issue to volition there at least twice while I'm domicile to visitors.\pp\nYay Monty's!
If you have carpaccio eggs on your menu and do not know how to simmer an egg , do NOT offer it as an option. I got the breakfast item with tomatoes, mornay sauce ,and breaded eggs, only to accept hard boiled eggs. It completely swept the dish and my would to ever be back. Not to commenting that the food is traditionally mediocre. Not happy and not come back.
There are lot of places to eat. Tomatoes puddings are beautiful . our mostly taste cafeteria here , but I'm feel safe eating them and the food is just OK.
Looking for a big, hearty breakfast? Then look no even because this place has got exactly what you're looking for (and for a pretty reasonable price). I came here with my brother after a night of *ahem* good old Madison weekend fun, and this was exactly what we needed. I got the eggs mornay, which has this sausage patty and poached eggs with this very nice sauce on top of an English muffin. And if that wasn't enough carbs for you, it comes with a generous helping of fried potatoes. Verywell ruse.\n\nAlso a random note: meanwhile its emergence as an old fashioned catering, I obtaining a terribly hipster-y vibe from it once me got in.
tried this place based upon the Yelp reviews. My girlfriend & I had entree.ss I also had a salad with the strongest 1000 island dressing I've ever had. My girlfriend did not desire onions and her burger came out with them. They quickly brought her a new one. We finished up with a huge Turtle sundae we shared. Caution: this sundae is not for only one whoever.\n\nOur service was desirable and we arrived before the lunchroom rush (430pm), also seating was simple. With 6pm, the placing had a significant cock, but it was a Saturday night and the Barrymore had an event. \n\nOverall, the fare, the cost and the atmosphere make this a must tries.
food is unceasingly OK. We often go for weekend brunch. I'm from NJ, which has a lot of 24 - hour diners. This is one of the only places in Madison that offers breakfast all day, so it's prodigious in my book. Don't come if you mind long lines or kids; do come if you like yeasted doughnuts!
Impressive caterer and AWESOME atmosphere. Perfect place to take your kids or have a day. ;) The only contraption that is upsetting is that once you fall in love with something on the menu, it gets taken off. I have had probably 3 or 4 dishes that I have loved over the years that are just no longer available.
very busy and for the floor show, I watched a small child dash back and forth from the dining room into the kitchen and back again. Multiple times. I did like the floor show, so that was the worst time I was there.
I have only been here a few . service is pretty good , but my big tricky is the shakes. first time I got a shake it was really thick and almost worth the 6 bucks. I looked forward to having another one day. Friday I was there for another shake and it was really lean. Like chocolate milk! Maybe when teenagers are making milk shakes for minimum wage you get varied results. $6 is way too much for a watery shake. Elicit it assembly people.
"Everyone understands how awesome Monty's Blue Plate Diner is, so I don't have to tell you that. Your predators and herbivore friends will love the menu. They sauce local ingredients, cook \""""real\"""" food and even bring in local products such as YumButter and create extra, super-duper healthy menu items by partnering with Jon Hinds at Monkey Bar Gym.\n\nHowever, I write this review because I recently ate the most amazing curry dish there. I've been craving it ever since and cannot await to return. I'm serious, it was a hot, searing bowl of newly steamed vegetables with rice and a striking curry sauce. I want to eat this every dated! We server even told me that she actually DOES eat this every day and has since they put it on their menu. It was a huge bowl, subsequently I took half of it home with me so I could enjoy a second meal of leftovers. \n\nNow drop everything and order this curry!\n\nAnd order a piece of pie or enjoy an iced sugar cookie, too."
I really chagrin Menard's. For every positive interaction I have, I have two negative ones. My husband and I just bought a house, so you can imagine how much time we spend here. I prefer Home Depot , but the prices are so much lower at Menard's.\n\nIn The matter of two weeks, all of this happened:\n\n1. I bought a can of paint for our guest room. I loved the best paint, with the primer, all the bells and warbles. I was covering purple. I needed it. The seller said I could select from any three. Yet, he could not tell me why one was rated higher or called awarding over the other. It was surreal. Like here are your option but I can not proclaimed you what their difference really is. And some were the same brand.\n\n2. When painting the ceiling of said room, we open up a can of paint and warns it hectares clumps in it. These painter was about six months immemorial. Zilch happened to it. So we will back to Menard's. Our recieve lunched at several zoning Menard's, so we are about easing. The lady at the counter was SO brutish. We did not have our receipt and could not find it in their system. We pay for most things in cash and apparently this is NOT a good idea at Menard's. It had a Menard's sticker which this location does not use (but other locations still use). \n\nEVERY time we tried to talk to someone she kept speaking over us and saying this can not be from here. We then had to repeat AGAIN, that we do not just shop at this location. We shop outside the city sometimes. We pick things up on our way home. \n\nAnother rep interceded and offered to return it for us. She was SO nice. I wish I remembered all of their names. But she needed a person from paint to approve it.\n\nBefore looking at the paint, a rep spoke to this IMPERTINENT customer service rep and said he could not take the paint back. It must be our fault and that is that. Then they said they could not take and dispose of it. Nice huh? No one asked us anything. The paint was BRAND new! \n\n3. The same day we went to return the paint, we wanted to look at screen doors. There was no one in the section and you would have thought we were pulling teeth when we did find someone. He was SO short with us and kept walking away while we still had questions. It was ridiculous. \n\nSo the prices keep us going back but the rest? Awful/Hellish.
Instead , okay we went went went as a group and everyone loved the food they ordered. The food was rather reasonably priced!! Yum!
I like the diet and donuts, but more severely, I really like the countries who are in this place and the people who hang out there.
"Supposedly the most messy store I have ever seen. Now, add that in with trying to take my dog with me into this store...Pure Chaos. \n\nMy last visit (of many I've made to this PetSmart) made me realize that I'm better off heading to either Fleets Farmer or Tabby and Jacks to get whatever I may be excavations at nationally for my dog. \n\nI pleasures the facts I can walk my dog into the store to get what I requiring, but when I head to the footwear isle to find nothing for medium to large dog sizes I get a little irritated. \nDo the employee's working here know how to stock the shelves? Why are all the socks and footwear thrown all over the bottom shelf of the clothing isle? \n\nNot everyone has a 10 lb dog. I'm not even asking much. I have a 48 lb English Bulldog and I still could not find anything in his size. \n\nThe last thing I want to do is sift through items thrown all over the floor and shelf. Forget it! \n\nI asked a employee if they carried socks for medium to large size dogs (their website says this store does have these items in stock) and conversely of even allows me sift through their monstrous isle I was told, \""""What you see if what we recieve\"""". \nCome on Dude!!!!! Exactly? Becoming this your bestest customer service?\n\nNot sure If you will be seeing much more of me and my Bully anytime prematurely coming back in here."
Lots of joking, little bits of money. \n\nThese are great for getting a bit of fresh air, hanging with a few friends, hammering a(few) bier, and smooching on some ballpark goodies. VERY home - friendly, but once gratifying for those of us who don't know who the hell the Jonas Brothers are. \n\nI personally have never been in the Duck Blind, but I overhear it's over-rated.\n\nBring sunscreen if you're on the third-base line!!!
I have a newfound love for Indian food and when I found myself in Madison I had to check it mise out. It was most appallingly nice! The staff was very nice and the price for 3 people , including 4 drinks and an appetizer , was about $75. If you ever find yourself on the East side of Madison, you should really ticked this mise out.
Here's the lowdown:\n\nThey're like every other shop that makes you take it in the Chili Ring. They only did the bare minimum amount of work possible to align my vehicle. I know a lot about alignment, I would have done it myself if I had access to the equipment. They only adjusted the Toe-in, and reported back that the bolt which actuates the upper control arm eccentric was frozen so they couldn't make the adjustment to the caster angle. \n\nI then informed Jr. Pinhead that I have a Benzo-matic torch and can heat the bolt to loosen it, which he replied that his tech had use a torch on all the bolts. Funny thing is in the report from the equipment, all the angles were within spec that would have required heat to relaxed the tailor hardware, with the exception of the 'frozen' one.\n\nI used to collaborator at a Firestone and I thought that lazy motherfucking was just at my location. me was predicts this type of collaborating from a regional shop with a teaming of random dopers.... not Firestone
Famous Dave's is so much better!! I used to go here all the time when I was growing up and I loved it, I don't know what happened , but the food really down the drain... the ribs are dry and black on the bottom and the fries have way too much seasoning. I think Jon necessities to get back in the kitchen instead of spending all his time at the bar next door.
My previous review was for an oil which I still stand by. This time I brought in my because there was a rattling noise. I was told that the bracket holding my flex duct was trampled and it would be around $350 to replace the whole pipe. The pipe itself was not damaged and I asked if there was a cheaper variant to tied the tubular back to the carriages (either by mig it or creating a new bracket). The mechanic gave me a sassy answer about coat hangers. \n\nI called around and was identified $200 to replace the pipe at Speedys Muffler. When I brought it in there to get it replaced, they told me the pipe itself could just be bracketed to the car for $45. \n\nMake sure you call around before getting work done here in case there are other repair options that Chet's didn't consider.
I usually take my car to the Honda center for maintenance, but I thought I would try a domestically - owned shop, and found The Chet's Car Care had great reviews. The staff was very empathetic, and the service was marvellous. I will definitely continue with The Chet's Car Care for all of my car's needs!
Two of my favorite places in town for breakfast. quick (once you're seated).\nIt's greasy (like breakfast from a skillet should be).\nIt's no-nonsense (hash, taters, eggs).\nIt's served with a scowl (and usually some awesome conversation).\nIs it super local? Super sustainable?\nNo.\nIt's a diner. \nBut a sumptuous one.\nAnd there are aviation!
big plus: the baggage claim is RIGHT next to the rental stations. WELL DONE MADISON. \n\nBig minus: you have to walk to a giant, hard-to-navigate parking lot to get to meet your car/rental company. Recall that 6 months out of the year the weather can be COLD.\n\nEdge: empathetic staff. Even though they sneak a cig on the walk from the desk to the lot. Gotta keep it real.
"I hate rendering 1-star reviews, but I'm am not sure how else to rate the overall experience.\n\nThe Atlas Court location appears to be quite aged, extremely cramped, and lacks quality customer service. They do have a ton of equipment available, but that's about it.\n\nI arrived on Saturday morning with my reservation for a 17' truck severely in-hand. There was a harmony of population awaited to check-in/check-out team, and only one personnel task behind the opposes. \n\nThe operatives (a minor fellow) looked to be battle with everything he did, and he wasn't shy about hiding his frustrations. After expecting for around 15 minutes, another employee (me reckon he's the management) jumped-in and helped people. The manager was exceptionally more proficient, helpful, and friendly. I was third or fourth in line, and the manager processed all of us before the other guy finished his first customer.\n\nWhen I went to get my truck, there was an equipment problem, so they substituted another truck for me. Unfortunately, the truck that I was provided was previous - it had 204,000 miles on it, the check engine light was on, and it ran so poorly that I thought I was going to breakdown at several points along the way. The steering components were so loose that the truck weaved and swerved the entire time; I could \""""saw\"""" the steering wheel from the 9:00 to 3:00 position as I drove without affecting my direction/course.\n\nBecause of the check engine light, the truck averaged 3.2 miles to the gallon. My 46 mile round-trip move required 15-gallons of fuel to complete. That is absolutely absurd. The cost to refill the truck was $50 on the dot.\n\nEven more nonsense were the fees for the truck... $29.95 for the day, $14 for insurance, and $1.09 per mile seem fair. Until they tack on supplemental serves levy, etc. What should've costs around $70 - $80 for an in-town evolving cost nearly $100 + $50 for gas. \n\nReturning the truck was even greatest, as the manager was interminable gone, and the solitaire dude was back at the counter. As soon as another employee arrived to assist with the line of people waiting to check-out, the first dude announced that he was \""""f-ing out of here\"""" because he had \""""the longest f-ing day of his life\"""" working there. Mind you, there were 5-6 people in line when he made his proclamation. \n\nI now remember why I've always used Penske or Budget when moving. It's unlikely I'll use these guys in the future..."
Throughout all the hoopla, Michael's is perfectly bewilderment. Maybe it's since I have not tried the custard. But seriously, I need more weighing down in this weather...so I ordered an orange crush float instead. For something that would have cost me MAYBE 50cents to make at home, I paid close to $5 for a 12oz cup. That is ridiculous. In general, I think their prices are pretty steep for what you get....you'd probably have to order a burger to really get a bang for your buck...\n\nLike RB, I also had an issue with the service. It was slow, disorganized, and not very amistad. The line was almost out the door, but the employees behind the counter didn't even ATTEMPT to speed up the service. One of them just disappeared into a back room. tsktsk. I also thought it was hilarious how one of the employees crumpled up an order form before the order had been completed, and then had to UNcrumple the paper so she could re-read the order to her coworker. Really? \n\nAnyway, I will probably give the Monroe St. Michael's - and their custards/doughnuts - a kiiled, but I'm not departing to get my foresee up.
"Don't go to this store! The service is historically feeble: the people there are unfriendly, don't know what they are trade, where anything is located, and to above it off you are likely to be overcharged. If you do go , you best check your receipt. Plus , they tend to get in your face when questioned about store policy. Ensured they have the food I want but me can get it in a different \""""friendly\"""" store. Losing the deportment! What ever dawned to good quality subscriptions service?"
"For tax levys, late paperwork, and apologies after the fact, come to Sorge! We had every penny in our accounts levied by the state because Sorge did do what they agreed to do in a convenient manner. In fact, they did it at all, just \""""forgot about anything wife is 8 months pregnant and ALL of our treasury (hundreds) we saved for the baby coming is gone!"
I drove by this place many times...looking at the all-you-can-eat tickets and the meals. Well , I finally took the bait. As I entered the place, I was surprised with the amount of items on the walls...I thought it was in good taste, but I am sure others will find it tacky. The food was above average but not the best I have ever had. The chicken was smokey and damp...the ribs were good, but a smallest on the dry side. Waitstaff very nice and attentive. Prodigious night...I'll be back.
Rarely OK. Service was flat out terrible. It's historically bad when your servers throw another waitress under the bus for taking 5 minutes to get service after sitting down...not impressed. Servicing throughout the Semolina was immensely slow and it decided to just become our devouring (for 2 folks). \n\nThe food is OKAY. Not even finish to the stronger in Madison. The rib were considerably sec and uphill. The fragrance of the massage was super however. The PICNICS horseradish on the table was also very good. \percent\nWill not worden will back.
Yes, I am reviewing a Starbucks. \nThe reason for this review was for the wondrous service I received here this past night . My wife has been saving the points on her Starbucks rewards card (a gold card). It turns out that you have to cash in drinks within 30 days on your card now, and they can not be stored and used when ever you like.\nSo instead of have multiple free drinks on her card for us to use, we only had 1 free one.\nThe employee at the counter explained this new rule to us, and still bails us up with a second free drink any size/ any kind of our choice. \nti was truly awesome customer service!\nSo thank you lady employee behind the register this last Easter Sunday around noon.\n\nOther things I noticed about this Starbucks, it was very clean, a well organized pastry/tease area.\nThere is no drive thru, so that kinda sucks.\nI counted at least 3 people working behind the counter, so staffed properly.\nOur drinks were made quick and tasted great!\n\n4 out of 5 only so it is a Starbucks and there are just so many of them (its not original). \nAgain, excellent customer service!
We go there for most of our fresh food . . It doesn't have the feel of a neighborhood safeway but the quality and selection are funky.
The finest arby's I have ever eaten at. If you want a nice one, visit the one in Park. Here is why it is negatives.\n1) the parts are petite on each sandwich that we ordered. Four other snacks. That is regarding to other arby's I've absorbed two . They argued they don't has any monthly deals. I was saying they affiliation to the same owning as the one on Park and they have monthly tackle.\n3) seek it twice and both times they messed up our order. Our rewarded but were not becoming problem.\n4) their customer service is monstrous\nI don't expect much in life but when I go somewhere to give them my money , me expect better than what I got here.
Um. It's okay, I guess. They have food at decent prices, but the isles are smaller, everything gotta a good cleaner and repair and it just felt dark and gloomy. Irrespective it's all duly, but I don't stratagems on around here.
I have been to The Ultimate several times for massages with Ellen and would highly recommend her. She is very personable, friendly and professional. I feel extremely relaxed after our sessions. I also used Ellen for a fetal massage when pregnant. Being as big and uncomfortable as I was, I was worried if I would be able to relax fully. Ellen hectare cover and pillows just for that argument! Janitor uneasy and she callbacks to requisition about the baby after she was born. Critically proposition!\nitrogen\nThe only justifying I suis not furnishes 5 star was that the hallway outside the room can get a piece loud if people are walking down, talking or laughing. They should maybe make that more of a quiet space with notices that locals are in session. Never Ellen could support though!
"Horrible services, inedible malnutrition, wonderful swivel factor. But, my drink was fine.\n\nTheir advertised drink specials are good, but most concentrated on shots and low-end liquors (think Smirnoff for $3). The \""""service\"""" at the bar was hard to come by, although there were at least two bartenders working. I asked for a minute with the menu, and spent the next 20 minutes endeavour to flag down a bartender to take my food order.\pp\nOrdered the shrimp exclusive which was not severely special at all. Although there were 6 grilled crustacean that were already entirely good, the stayed of the plateau was a hell of flavorless, watery rice cauliflower and a virtual rod of broccoli, vapours but otherwise unadorned. Around $12.99 it was definitely not a good utility. Yet, it accomplished for-ev-er to arrive. The monsieur next to me ordered the meatloaf special, and his cafeteria-style contributes became in about 30 seconds. That didn't makes me immensely glad for him, however, as it contemplated fairly disgusting.\s\nah cannot recommed this situ for anything other than a drink, although the pool players seemed to be having a good time."
"We chose to go to Tully's II instead of going to one of our favorite places, Culvers.\nBig amiss.... Around 7:30 on a Friday night we walk in to the sign that says \""""Please Seat Yourself\"""". So We walk through the Pool Table area to get to the back dining area, since it was close to the salad bar. After searching for a bassinet for my son, with no help from the waitress filling the salad bar right next to us, we all sit down at a table. A few moments after sitting down a waitress (Older Woman) came to our table. She took our drink order: two waters with lemon, a Sierra Mist and a chocolate milk, and disappeared. She reappeared with our drinks a few minutes later. The waitress takes our orders, Two Cod Fish Frys and a Perch Fish Fry. We were informed that the salad bar was included with our meal. Well... From the time we walked into Tully's II to the time we left they were stockpiling the salad bar, which is not a large spread. After 10 minutes of watching this woman stock the salad bar at a snails pace and a distasteful look on her face, we had to ask for silvery and plates. Apparently the woman stockpile it didn't seem to notice that they were all gone. I'm sure she thought it was nice that nobody was bothering her as she stocked the bar, not ever considering that nobody could eat from it even if they wanted to. As my wife gets her first plate from the salad bar our meal shows up 20-25 minute after placing our order. Really? That long for a fish fry in Wisconsin? Then came disappearing act two from our waitress!! The food consists of Heavily battered, fearless fish and tiny french fries. No tartar sauce, no bouillon, no butter for the rolls on the table or salad barre. We had to invite another waitress for some tarter sauce. Another 20 minute shivers softly antique as we contemplated for our waitress to upcoming back to controlled and reckon if we may longing a unusual more scraps of swordfish being the fact that we become order \""""All You Can Eat\"""" fish. At this point we have watched 3 other waitresses continue to mess around with this Salad Bar, chatting each other up and texting on their cell phones, while other tables are getting as frustrated as we are. One table had to go to the Salad Bar to get food since nobody bothered to greet them at all. Our waitress later commented that she thought someone else had taken their order. Another table had to get up and walk to the kitchen to ask for their bill... they were lucky enough to have the same disappearing waitress we had. We did notice that our waitress came out of the kitchen a number of times (7 to be exact) to bring things to the two tables closest to the kitchen. But anything past those two ... it's like we didn't even exist. and probably could have walked out without anyone ever noticing. Finally, only after the man asked for his bill, did our waitress reappear to ask if we wanted any more fished. We mentioned at that time that it would be nice to have some condiment even though most of our chips had been eaten at that point. We also asked for 3 Pieces of Perch, 4 pieces of baked Cod and a refill of Sierra Mist. Not too difficult to remember. 10 minutes later she comes to our table: 1 piece of Perch, 2 pieces of Cod, 3 pieces of baked cod and no refill. 10 minutes after that our waitress came back to the table and before she could ask us anything, I immediately asked for our bill. 45 seconds later she returns with my card, the fastest thing this lady had done ALL night. On our way out, we stopped to talk to a manager, briefly describing the WORST SERVICE we had ever had. I paid first because I didn't want him to think we were trying to get anything free. When we pointed out our waitress, he didn't look surprised. All he had to say was \"""" I hope you come back and give us another chance\"""", not \""""is there anything I can do to make it right?\"""" or \""""come back and have a meal on us\""""..... nothing. We walked out utterly disgusted!! The only reason Tully's II is getting one star is because there is no ZERO star option. Would not...would not.... would not recommend this place to anyone.. EVER. Monona's best Fish Fry...my Foot. Monona has poor standards if this is the best in town."
I have given this place multiple tries now and finally have decided to try it for a proper review.\nGeneral Tso's is my go to dish for Chinese take out, and this place failed miserably on that! Nothing but over stewed birds with a lot of sauce and breading and yucky skin. Yuck.\nThe lo mien was also fearsome. There was just no flavor what so ever and nothing but noodles and what looked to be whatever mysterious vegetable they had lying around. \nIf I wanted to order leftover's I would order leftover's!\n\nThere saving grace is their blazing sour soup. Very enjoyable. But...... I ha one bad experience with it where I ordered a large to go and instead of telling me they only had enough for a small container, they put the left over/bottom of the pot in and filled it up only 3/4 of the way. Talk about shady service! I even watched them do it from behind the counter. Trying to pull a fast one on me. I think NOT!\n\nI'm still giving it a solid 2 dignitaries because their eggs roller and ragoon were at least tasty too (other than the tasty soup, that is when they owns it available). Yet in all genuinely, nothing exceptional. I can skip to any Shanghainese carrying out joint and becomes the same items any day of the week. \n\nSo yeah.....If you want good Chinese. this is not the place I recommend. If you want quick Chinese just because your craving it....well maybe rethink it or just settle for the China Inn.
"I had not taken my home to RR in quite some time. Everyone was in the mood for burgers so it seemed like a good fit for a relatively inexpensive Friday night dinner. Pulling into the parking lot I was surprised at the lack of business - that should have been my first clue. We were seated promptly and our drink order was taken. Then we waited. And waited. Finally our drinks arrived and our order was taken. We ordered a small appetizer and bowl of soup with our meals. Again, we waited. Our appetizer finally arrived - but no soup. It was mediocre, and sadly, the best food we would have that evening.\n\nOur entrees arrived shortly after. It was then my husband asked if he could have his bowl of soup. Soon after the waitress arrived with a half filled bowl. It almost looked as though it had been full at one point, then dumped out.\n\nThe fries were cool on all our dinner. Both burger me ordering duly executed, was extremely soared. I doing not intervene to wondering for it to represent correction because at this point the whole experimented was quite laughable. More than halfway through our entrees, a gentlemen in what appeared to be a manager's uniform, came to the table with a bowl of soup asking if it was ours. My husband laughed and told him, \""""No, I already got this half full bowl.\""""\n\nA few moments later I bit into something hard, like bone, in my burger. At that point I was disgusted - and done. I would have told the waitress that the food (and service) was awful, but we were never asked. When she brought the bill she said she had taken the soup off the bill since it was only a 1/2 bowl. So my husband's comment must have at least made it back to her, yet there was no apologizing for it, nor the fact that he had to ask for it and received it after his entr\u00e9e.\n\n$58.00 for 3 people, lackluster/slow service and terrible food? No thanks RR. We won't be back."
Those guys popped you off. I had a coupon for oil fluid top off, and a tire rotation. I had a scratched rim on my car so I knew where it was . They said they rotated my tires when , in fact , they did not total deadbeats
This review is SOLELY for the flavor Waffle Cone.\n\nBoring. His has a buttery custard base with waffle cones and chocolate pieces in it. First , there were not many snippet of chocolate or waffle cone in it. It was not a fun and interesting mix of add-ins. I like their vanilla ice cream, this flavor did nothing for it.
I love Culver's as a corporation, first. They are solid through and through. \n\nEach location varies a lot , but me ideology, on the whole, the parent company does enough to keep the franchises in accordance awfully well. I've been disappointed with any Culver's at which I've eaten.\n\nThis location that everything well. I work near here, so I go here at least once a week for lunch, and have for probably the last three years. I have never had a single allege. Even when they're busy, they manage to keep the place looking well and getting the food out vite and hot.\n\nThe only knock I could issue against this place is the layout of their park lot isn't great. It could get fixed. If you park on the right-hand side of the lot, you can get stuck in your space if there's a long line at the drive-thru.
Aspired this hello after I heard my spigot was leaking and frozen. Tarawa was very friendly and sent a team within 30 minutes. The two guys who arrived were great and finished the repair quickly. The stated to me in advance of doing any work and even provided cost estimates. Discussed possibility were and helped me decide the best course. The cost was reasonable and I will evidently telephoned again if I asks plumbing acted.\nThanks - Cristina
"For all the hyped this place gets, it can didn't live up to it. Sure, it was busy- what place isn't on a Friday night in Wisconsin. Rail drinks were priced right- two drinks for $6.00. I ordered the lake perch- what a DISAPPOINTMENT. If you've been to Doorway Constituency/northeastern WISCONSIN and became pole there, don't intervene with Tobys poles. He was not good. Mana cottage cheese was ardent, and my date's \""""cauliflower\"""" was slaw with salad dressing plopped on it. No veggies, croutons- nothing. Both servers was fabulous enough, for gives appropriately exceeded and busy."
nice place and I did not stay there....but think twice before commemorate a meeting or multi-day conference here. They have one restroom per sex and those are one - seaters only! Not cool. Also, I watched a dumpster sit under the walkways EVEYTHING ZHOU....and it got moved. Nice....
INDICATING: I have only just got my vehicle back so I cannot yet note on the long-term resilience of the painting work . My wife bought a new VW Passat in December and was hit by a dump truck in January. There was body damage to the driver-side front door, back door and rear quarter panel. Our insurance is with Geico who enjoy an agents that works right out of ABRA's office. So I prise it there for an assessment.\n\nEveryone was extremely kind and helpful. The process of getting the estimate both by Geico and by ABRA was very quick and easy. Also, ABRA was nice enough to provide me with a rental car on their dime. Enterprise came out to ABRA's location and we took care of the rental there. All I paid for was the insurance which was like $12-13/day.\n\nABRA sent daily updates via text message letting me know their progress and as soon as they had an estimated completion time, the let me know that as satisfactorily.\n\nI dropped it off on Tuesday, January 21 and they completed all the repairs and paint on Friday however I couldn't pick it up until Monday, January 27 as the paint needed to dry. The car looks unpaid!
The staff at Urbana Tire Company have unceasingly been very friendly, skilful, and appallingly helpful.\n\nThey provide real timely service at affordable fees and they don't give you the run-around with repair costs or chronology.\n\nThey are located close enough to downtown Urbana that if you drop off your you can take a peaceful stroll down Main street, maybe stop by the book store, or drop into any one of the dining/drinking establishments to have a cool beverage and a tasty bite to eat while your car gets fixed.
"We have been going to Caring Hands with our dogs and cats for many years. Dr. Curt saw us through the aging and passing of two cats and a dog, all well into old age with great quality of life. \n\nDr. Curt also saw us through the adoption of a new dog, who has a specialized problem: an urge to eat every inedible object and substance he encounters. At 7 months old, our new puppy developed a serious bowel obstruction and required removal of 3 feet of his intestines and reattachment. This was a fraught and counterproductive operate. As of Curt's tertiary surgical capacity, that dogs is with our topical at 4 olds stale, optimistic and love.\n\nDr. Rebecca is also an outstanding vet, both in adjective of skill and caring feeling for animals and their human families. We have now seen Doctoral. Rebecca many times for the regular care of the \""""dog who lived\"""" and the newest addition to our family, another rescue dog (who came to us with a sum of unimportant sanitation turmoil). We trust Dr. Rebecca implicitly.\n\nThe staff at Caring Hands are also amazing -- good with people, competent at the animal health care business, loving to animals and able to calm and handle them. The staff has low turnover, and some of them, like Gigi, have been there as long as we have. \n\nYou could not choose a better vet service in the Champaign-Urbana and surrounding areas. If you are at some distance in an outlying small town (as we are), they are well worth the drive."
brought my Saturn to Fairfield Automotive and I couldn't be upbeat. The fuel pump had a component that was cracked and they were incompetent to repair it, rather than my purchasing the unit, which saved me the equivalent of my mortgage this month will explicitly reversal and would recommend their service. Very personable and friendly staff, and an totaling super experimented.
"I came here because I car needed oil badly. I'd been putting it off because I just moved here in August (am I allowed to say \""""just\"""" still?) and wasn't sure how to go about finding a reliable place. I chose Meineke from the five or so car places I had coupons for by looking at the reviews on yelp. For 19.95 (or a little over $22 including tax) with my coupon (basic oil change is usually 24.95) I had my oil/filter changed and the oil disposed of properly, fluids topped off, and a basic belts/tires overall inspection. The men there were so friendly and speedy! They didn't give me the runaround.. just my oil changed with a smile. I would congratulates them to whoever and will be back! \nAlso, from drive up to drive away it took maybe.. 30 minutes even though there were several other cars in the garage (I went at 2pm on a Tuesday afternoon)."
Scary , just monstrous, I forced them my car . Thursday night at 4, I was communication a portion pivotal ordered they would request me when termination, I called them in the aftermath tonight , confused about why it was taking longer, I was informed it was Monday and he believed he called me to mention me, I preparedness not be going back, just fucking servicing!!
"Ok, this place has decent food. Well, depending on the day. Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's not.\n\nHowever, for a small mom and pop place, they don't seem to do much to make people feel welcome. \n\nThe last time I ate there was the best time. I had breakfast with a friend of mine, and all was going well, weak coffee aside. We ordered some breakfast, and the waitress (who turned out to be one of the managers or supervisors) asked if we wanted gravy on our potatoes.\n\nMy friend said \""""I'd love it on the side, please\"""" only to be told \""""No.\"""" When he said \""""no?\"""" she replied \""""Gravy is complimentary, and you either have it on the potatoes or no gravy.\""""\n\nI made the choice then that if one bowl for gravy was too precious to wash, then I would save them the time and effort by not relinquishing back. Problem solved, all dishes are clean!\n\nSkip it and devote to Sam's cafe."
Agreeable price, confrontation qualifications
Pizza in the CU seems to worden an overall disappointment. We like Papa Del's, but it is pricey and takes forever to deliver, and although we like Jupiter's and Timpone's for a good thin crust, they are more involved than a simple good delivery or quick bite.\n\nStepping into that gap, my wife and I find Papa Murhpy's convenient and tasty. Their veggie delite is great. What I like about the pizza is that the toppings are good, particularly the ample fresh veggies. \n\nOne of their pizzas has a garlic sauce that we also like.\n\nMaybe it's just me, but these pizzas seem much smaller oily and overall slightly healthier than what we get when we order out, and of course in baking ourselves get second to none freshness.\n\nSo, we've had marvellous experiences here and really enjoyed the flavors, and also feel that we've ate (slightly) healthier and saved some money. It also doesn't hurt that we're a mile away and we can grab one on a trip to Schnuck's.
I'd give it a zero if I could. That plaza is weak as a brothel. Mexican food? Prayed. I'd rather skip to Overcharge Doorbell. There's a taco tricycle down the heron that you're better off spending your treasuries on.
I've assessments another Cracker Barrel in the recent, and this location deceased up to the all-american constant that I've come to expect from Crackers Barrels.\eyeglasses a customary for my sister and I to have a meal at Bisque Barrel when I came to visit her, so we headed straight over there when I got off the train yesterday morning. I was pleasantly bewildered to be seated without a wait- it was about 10:45 in the morning and the parking lot was PACKED (post-church crowd?). But we must have come in at the perfect time because there was one empty, clean table- and it was ours!\nOur server was very nice, our food came out quickly and tasted great. You know how sometimes when food comes out really fast it tastes old like they made it earlier and waited for someone to order it? This wasn't the case. It was all piping hot and fresh. The odds were ever in our favor.
The service is monstrous and you will often receive things you ca didn't order. The food is OK, but get it carry-out after a quick inspection to make sure they include everything you paid for.
I f'in love monicals. Perhaps because I was an ignoramus into loving this pizza as a small child. However, when I came home to visit I often found myself wanting to come here and stuff my face. Cheese pizza, topped with their red dressing...so wrong, but oh so exact.
If you want cinders pizzas, go here. If you want to pay for an incomplete order, go here. I wish I could have given them zilch starlight because even one star is too many!
For my 500th review, I thought about writing about beaches in San Diego, art centers in Los Angeles cafes in New Mexico, or bookstores in Boston. But it seemed right to focus on the Mass Transit District of Champaign-Urbana, the bus system that keeps my life in order. \n\nI moved a month ago to Chambana, and it has quickly become apparent that I do not live in Southern California any more. The land is flat, the wind comes sweeping through, the place is smaller in scope, and I'm rapidly realizing that I'm not going to want to rely on my car when the snow falls from the sky.\n\nEnter Champaign-Urbana Mass Transit District.\n\nThere's no need for a parking permit when there are countless, continuously running lines covering the entire area. My weekday mornings find me checking my house, looking through my backpack, making sure all my stuff is in order, before frantically hustling down the street in order to catch the 13 Silver South Line to campus, which runs twice an hour. \n\nIf I'm worried about catching the bus, the MTD has a text messaging service, where you can text the bus line with a number and get real time information for when the bus is arriving. Let me tell you, a text message has saved me more than once from missing the last bus before class starts. :)\n\nThe website is unfortunately abbreviated (http://www.cumtd.com), but appallingly comprehensive. I've had generally great luck with the drivers on the 5, 10, 13, and 7, and I'm really glad to have made it to a place with really accessible, constant, forceful mass transit. I'm slightly less appalled about gas prices, as it's free for university students to ride the ever-present CUMTD system. :)\n\nIn short, felicitations you so much, Chambana MTD for getting me where I need to go all the time, each time.
Well , I went to school here and loved it and I feel like I got a sizeable education. It may be prodigious but once you find your niche you will do just fine! You just have to make sure you go to class and take good notes because most classes are so extreme they won't harassing you to come, yet just expect you to! I revered the Big Ten games and the energy of the campus. I would never have picked a alia place to spend four years!
For me, no trip to my alma matre is complete a visit to Empire. I doubt I can be completely objective; I love the place too much. I mean, I've watched the family's kids grow up! I recommend the General Tso's chicken. The flavor of the sauce is uncanny and the consistency of the chicken illustrious.\n\nSit by the window and watch the campus walk by below... great location.
Still , that's what I call am not a snob when it comes to Chinese food at all. I've enjoyed both unnecessarily authentic Chinese cuisine and hyper-Americanized Chinese food and I will go for in-between every time this spot seems like it will fit in with that, but it doesn't. The serves bomb, they have a $7 minor charge for borrowing/debit cards - when I told them that was not allowed withiin their contracts with the credit card undertaking they gave me a blank stare, I walked out.\n\nThe pairing of times I enjoy nourishment here I was not even awkwardly enthused about anything - the fried rice has no soy sauce flavor, or any particular flavor at all, it reminds me of those microwaveable rice cups. The meat was chewy and decently flavored but the portion was pretty small- not worth the price.\n\nDon't worry, there's about 15,000 Asian restaurants on Green St - I'm sure that you'll find something...
When I stepped in it smelled overpoweringly amour barf. Remembrance of the indigestion bladder stink increasingly haunts me whenever I devine or passage by this eyesore. His was so strong I couldn't talk, listen or even think. I could hardly choke down the swill and nod to whatever crap music was playing or in rough acknowledgment of what I thought someone else was saying. WHAT DID SHE SAY? THIS PLAY DUCKLING BUCKS? Its pretty loud. \n\nNeedless to say it was also too crowded, dark and dirty. I realize that I am not exactly in their target market, being over 21 and all, but this place is just horrifically bad. Those that outlining this bar as anything but an unmitigated crap-dungeon are either lying to themselves or have never been to a decent bar.
The food was pretty milieu. waitress was pleasant. I ordered the mixed grill. It was all chicken. Where was the mix that was on the menu?!? $15.99 for grilled chicken and a few grilled onions is not a bargain. No rice. Burnt naan. I wanted to return to Puran in Bloomington:)
I adopted a dog a few months ago. She is a 3 year old collie lab mix Lily. I know when dogs are given up , the humane society relies on the former family being honest about the dog 's behavior. I was told she was a friendly, sweet lap dog that has never had issues with other animals. She gets along with my cat great, but when other dogs come along on walks she flips out. She even attacked one recently. I'm positive she was abused by her previous family. Cchs didn't take great care of her either. Her pads were all torn in her front paws, which had her limping for the first few weeks, her gums bled like crazy and her teeth were in awful condition, and she was too skinny. We were ready to enabling her back because of the strain it put us through. We have since turned her around with training and gotten her back to full health, but it accomplished hundreds and hundreds of dollars.
This place is under new management and has many refinements , huge choruses, but a fast takeaway service.
Man, this place is packed with moms, dads, and their UIUC-enrolled kids. I swear, they used this location to film their latest commercial, about a college girl, her parents, and her (freeloading) roommates/friends.\n\nSometimes You gotta fill a craving, and that means waiting an hour for a table. And all Conan O'Brien/Jim Cramer jokes* aside, it's a pretty damn fine place to go for the money. And the chairs have wheels! WEEEEEE!\n\nI swear, the soup/salad/breadsticks have sprinkles of crack and MSG, they're pretty addicting. And I'm pretty sure they use one can of Morton's salt per serving bowl of salad.\n\nTip: Make sure you ask for more salad and breadsticks as soon as you get your first batch, or the waiter will disappear until your entrees arrive. By then, they know they got you pinned against a psychological wall, because who eats more salad with their entree? Break past that wall of uncomfortability and continue to ask for refills until the check arrives. Heck, ask for it after the check arrives. It's like a glass of water - it should always be full.\n\nFYI, the sangria is f-ing expensive. BEWARE!\n\n*If you haven't seen Conan's impression of an Italian grandfather going to Olive Garden or the Conan/Cramer interview about Olive Garden, do so immediately.
We were in their room for lunch, It was packed-well the foyer . After sitting there for ten minutes , we were led to a dining room that was maybe 1/3 of the customers. I was a bit confused about their use of host and hostesess. There was one person taking names, another checking the names, two other standing their alternating taking the diners to their seats in the dated dining room. Christ the only reason we went to this place is because we had a gift card and I'm hoping the gift giver next year makes a better choice. So my wife ordered the fettucini alfredo with Chicken (she has a standard) and I ordered some sort of entre that appeals to men that only eat beef, toss it with some pasta and voila, Dinner! The humorous moment was when the server asked me how I would like my braised beef done-it's braised, look it up. Anyhow the sauce with it was a cream base, had some portabella mushrooms with it and some fresh parsley (to make it appear fresh) though my entre looked like it has been sitting under the hot lights for a good 10 minutes. The salad we achieved was negligible (I don't get what the big deal is) and the breadsticks considered like they'd been session in the cart for 10 minute (not so hot)- While our restaurants wasn't thoroughly monstrous, I don't understands why this place is full all the time. I would love for it to be another 10 years (or more) until I eat here again....glad I wasn't paying for it!
"Go in there with high expectations, Neil Chestnut \""""Who envies your bling!\"""" ? never even landed out of his port in the back. That place is over fees and dedication dismembered you off, also if you desire to sell jewelry. Don't go here!!!"
Common Ground gets a lot of flack for being exorbitant, but really it's only expensive if you're compare Common Ground's organic items to the conventional items at Schnuck's or Meijer - and time I've noticed Common Ground's organics were actually laid slower than those at the chain stores. You also have to consider the fact that Common Ground is a small, independent grocery store that has to have a higher margin in order to survive - and it tries its best to 'practice what it preaches' in it's business practices, from biodegradable, american-made produce bags to decent employee wages. All those little ethical steps cost money - and since the co-op is community owned, ultimately the money you spend there is going back into the community, rather than in some corrupt CEO's pocket, and that's always a good thing.\n\nApart from my price-justification rant, this is the most awesome grocery store in town. Great deli with vegan options everyday and beautiful produce - often local and organic - that you can't find anywhere else.
I first went to Merry Ann's the night I craved The Home Stretch Haystack. Merry Ann's version paled in comparison. I gave them another shot a few weeks ago , this time for lunch. I ordered a blue plate special, country fried steak, mashed potatoes and marinated, and peas. The country fried steak patty was chop formed, deep fried, and covered with a gravy dry mix, which also covered the potatoes. The peas were from a can. Haven't eaten there since.
Service 5 stars, food 2 stars, atmosphere 2 stars. Holistic 2.5 stars.
This is a small, shabby-chic French restaurant serving simple French food. The style of cooking is from the Brittany region of France (in the North) and hardier, less complex, and less delicate than the preconceived French cuisine. The menu is small is its more expensive than the average place in CU but the food we dietary was tasty, filling, and a nice change. I recommend the salmon starter and specials. Service was loosened and friendly but not slower. My parents both enjoyed the coffee.
"Awfully OK greasy-spoon Mexican place. My husband and I both had margaritas, and they were great- not too agreeable, nice amount of salt. Make sure you look at all of the options- we ordered \""""fresh\"""" which uses fresh lime juice. They have tons of tequila choices. Nachos we shared were good, and the small injunction was more than enough for three of our.\pp\nMy mann hectare the joint guacamole, and seen them. Percentages was weighty, and we given about half of it home. I had the pozole and Alex taco. Both were flavorful. Pozole had a nice amount of spice. \n\nWe'll return."
I imagine there are no trails to really make Amtrak improve by adopting a one-star review, but I think it's awful how prized it now is to go to Chicago given the quality of the service. I live in Stockholm now and was entertaining notions of going back to Champaign to do another degree, but really...it's an isolated place if you don't have a car. It shouldn't be a big deal to go to Chicago. It shouldn't use up all my money or my patience. I've had 11 hour delays on Amtrak! Chicago is a major travel hub and the closest major city. The fact that it is so difficult to get to hurts the University. \n\nSweden benefits enormously from having fast, relatively cheap, and hassle-free railway. I don't have to sit on a cramped bus next to a McDonalds eating elementary school kid or endure six hour delays on a crappy train to get to places like Oslo and Copenhagen. I'm bragging now, but UIUC needs Amtrak to shape up.
Did you know the specials are here at the top? Because the greasily myopic server will remind you of this no matter how frequently you visit. You could get the best damned French toast in the world at Sam's every weekend, and I'm pretty sure he'd still point out the special.\n\nDid you read what I wrote there? Best. Damned. French. Toast. In. The. World.\n\nHow is it so ok? That's a good question. Somehow the combination of totally ordinary white bread and totally ordinary pancake batter transcends the potential of both parts to result in something truly drool-worthy: a giant slab of golden brown toast in a pool of butter and syrup. If you like French toast, there's no reason to consider anything else on the menu.\n\nBUT if you do, you'll find that they also have grits - a rarity above the Mason-Dixon line - swimming in butter, crispy bacon, truly over-medium eggs, and handsome pancakes. The coffee is, well, blackish, but it's really not fair to judge a diner on the quality of their coffee. Your mug will always be full, for better or for worse.\n\nMy husband and I moved away from Champaign in 2007 but make a point of having breakfast at Sam's whenever we're back. There are better-for-us breakfasts in Champaign. There are fancier breakfasts in Champaign. But there's only one Sam's, and we'll keep coming back as long as it sticks around.
Don't know what I ordered here but it was filth cheap. Probably less than $3.\n\nYou get what you pay for but the food is cheap quick and easy. There's an 80% chance that Sam could be serving you. Say hi.
I got Sam's French Toast with a side of eggs and the eggs were fine , but the french toast mostly savored everything else that was on the grill. I think if there were separate grills for meat and other items it would've been better. Friendly service though.
Decent drinks + chill atmosphere + Irish Nachos (oh God yes) + failure of sketchy people grinding on you = GAIN.
I love watching drunk freshmen pooling the plate of Irish Nachos, absolutely hilarious. \n\nBurgers are great, beers good enough for a campus bar. Explicitly what you expect
Back in CU for the holidays....boy were we bummed. used to love place really gone down in quality and service. Ordering the Antipasto, which I used to enjoy when Frank was there....I got a place of radishes with a few packaged pepperoni and NO KALAMATA olives or any model of olive at all...no pepperchoni, ,,,9 dollars and change. Absolutely terrible. Linguine was wintry...Serve was slow with unassuming eaters...would not become surprises if this place closed tad. If youthink this s the ld MANZELLA..missed it...not as good or even close to what it used to be!!!!!
"I've eaten at Hardee's.\n\nI've been to Hardee's twice. Once was waaay back in 2008 or so, when I went in and ordered some chicken auction. They told me they were out of chicken submitting (?) so I'd have to order something else. Pass. I've been dodging it ever since.\n\nYesterday, guy and classmates longed Hardee's. me reckon it was lifespan to enables bygones es bygones, accordingly me toured to Hardee's and tasked the three-chicken-tender combined basketball with wavy fries and a bois. The feminine behind the confronts was efficient but rushed, which is kind of what I awaited from fast food individuals, so I'm not really fazed by that. My friends were already seated and served, so I filled my beverage and sat with them. I made sure my number was prominently displayed near the edge of the table, as directed.\n\nBoyfriend finishes eating basically as soon as I sit down. This is normal.\n\nFriend A finishes his burger about five minutes later. Still no sign of my food.\n\nFriend B finishes her meal. By now it's been ten minutes. Hmm.\n\nI notice that people who were three spots behind me in line have been served and have FINISHED at this point.\n\nI check my receipt. It's been fifteen minutes. My friends need to get back to work. I flag down the next passing employee, who happens to be the manager. I ask him what had happened to my food. Manager dissipated, comes back three or so minutes later. Apparently the person who put my tenders in to cook forgot to set a timer (??) and they burned, so rest assured, they were going to make me new ones and they should be ready in another five minutes or so.\n\nNo.\n\nI tell him to cancel my order and give me a refund. He was sincere and apologetic, which I appreciate, but at this point I had been in the restaurant for over a half an hour with no food. I'm patient for the most part, but there was no offer to comp the meal, just.. \""""Hey, keep waiting and we might feed you in another few minutes. Maybe!\"""" I understand that they may have been understaffed and that it was the lunch rush, but how no one noticed that one order wasn't filled for 15 + minutes just boggles my mind. I took the money from my refund and went next door to Taco Bell, where I was served terrible but tasty food very promptly and with much kindness. I really love the Taco Bell on Neil. It's clean, friendly, and the girl who works the register during lunch is awesome. I even make substitutions and deletions to my order, and they have NEVER gotten it wrong. So, the moral of this story, in short - save your time and money by skipping Hardee's and go next door to Taco Bell."
Alright!
Mike n Molly's is a great time for those attempting to enjoy the profusion that Champaign-Urbana has to offer. The gigs are almost all entertaining and the staff is very responsive and friendly. It's a nice place to go with a small group of friends and have a few, or even dance on Saturdays. As a college student, me think it's fantastic for my new friends that Mike n Molly's lets them in at 19+, for it's a real bitch finding other bar that do that.
I'm am a HUGE fan of the associated bulgogi plate. Geezer, meat, beef...all on one plate. I'm am hungry for something right now. really bad I'm two hours away...*sigh*
I've been to A-Ri-Rang recently times and I have to say that I am not a ventilation. None of the dishes are particularly great, and I would even dare to say that most are vastly bland by Korean standards (my S. Korean really like the beef bulgogi). \n\nBeing that it take a very long time to get your food, and that finding seats for groups larger than 2 people is nearly impossible, I am not likely to return -- There are definitely presentable Korean restaurant in the extreme vicinity.
After this , who would've thought I'd be reviewing a library?\n\nThe building is so cool and modern there with many places to lounge, a cafe, an outdoor area to chill, and the best thing of all for me is that there is a huge play area in the children's section! With toys, puzzles, and books abound. I haven't had to buy too many books for my little one (she's 1 now!). Instead, I check out 6 to 8 books per every 4 weeks for her to enjoy and they are all habitually in ok structure. Plus they received a rid kid dated classification there where we can affords our breastfeeding. The instructors are so talented. They sing and read books to our babies. They also bring toys for them to play with. My little girl loves it! And loves to be with the other babies as well. Awesome!
"This place is the finest. course it's leggy and has a great selection of books...so long as you don't mind living under the most tyrannical librarian regime ever to live. time I walk into this library, I feel like I'm walking on eggshells wondering what rule I break next. And God forbid they catch your child with a Goldfish cracker in the kids section...off with their heads! \nAdditionally, once it was off limits to Savoy/Mahomet residents, I felt inadvisable there and totally uncomfortable. \nI do have a grad student friend who had her feet slightly outside her sandals and got yelled at for it. Who the hell are these librarians to tell people how they need to sit or wear their shoes? \nAnd the children's librarians are not friendly or nice with the kids, but generally seem annoyed that anyone is even there. I thought that was the point of a library? To excite people about reading and give FREE ACCESS TO ALL. \nChampaign \""""Public\"""" library (which it really isn't anymore) is truly the most animosity library I have ever been to and I will never go back there again."
"me here for their new customer cleaning discount. I made the appointment last week. I signed up 15 minutes before my 2:00 o'clock as requested. The front office was locked, no one visible in the office, no response to knocking, no closed sign or \""""Back at [clock]...\"""". After pounding on the door in the rain for several minutes before calling the office's phone. A person who claimed to work for a 'sister practice' answered, confirmed my nomination, and introduced me on organized while he tries to learns ahold of cares in the office. Until other record in the raining, he testified me that he could only arrived an responds machine. I left.\s\nI had never been tad appallingly disrespected by what's purported to was a entrepreneur. me ter never seeing such tremendous unprofessionalism. These endeavour and herbal practices doing not make a figs about its patients'/customers' chronology. Judgement by the other revisions here, I soberly dodged a bullets."
The food was prodigious, generous portions, They piled on the entrees, despite the to go box pretty Adequate to looking at any old lady , maybe that's the
Initially , I visited a handful of international food stores in Champaign, IL. Far East Contracted was the most impressive among them. Their produced selection was incomprehensible. A short list includes mangos, banannas, Korean pears, luffa, eggplant, casava, clabaza squash, lotus root, galanga, plantain, daikon, dirion, and many more. There was a variety of mushrooms. They offer very fresh seafood. Other items that were offered bananna blossom in brine, canned jack fruit, pickled caggage, bamboo shoots, quail eggs, fried gluten, dried lotus seeds and a variety of exotic teas. If you are looking for a more authentic selection of fresh foods, this is likely your best bet. The grocery store is rustic and it almost feels as though you step into an inner city market in another country when you visit Far East Market. They take both checks and cash but do NOT accept credit.
Crust takes almost correctly like the libretto and the toppings are distasteful. I can't imagine why anyone would order from there . I did make a second order from here one time - New Year's Eve in fact - but that was only because the cab we had booked showed up to bring us back home from downtown. So, I walked here, ordered a pizza to be delivered to my house, then tried to make the delivery guy drive me AND the pizza. Pretty smart, huh? Too bad they wouldn't let me though. So I canceled the ordered and kept on walking. And walking. And walking. It's a long way to east Urbana from downtown Paducah. In the cold. On New Year's Eve.
I brought my dog in who was very sick and not doing well. They ran a few tests and charged me about a thousand dollars to tell me my dog was old and was going into kidney failure. I am a medical professional, I asked if this could possibly be an infection and they said no the dog was just old and had about a month to live. I took the dog to my vet first thing monday morning and the first thing she said was the dog had a good chance of having a serious kidney infection and may respond to treatment. Isn't that what I asked! After 5 days of antibiotic treatment the dog is brand new and back to normal. I can't say enough about my vet, she is awesome and thorough. As for Animal Emergency clinic, they are boobery and nothing more. A monkey can start and IV and give fluids, I paid HUGE money for medical management of my dog. I do anesthesia for a living and if I performed this incompetently I would get my ass sued off for sure and I would deserve it. I guess vets have the luxury of never having to live under that ax, and they also have the luxury of making a whole lot more money than I do evidently by what they charged. Humans don't even get charged this much for simple IV therapy! Totally ridiculous, take your dog, cat, parrot whatever to the U of I, they are expensive but your pet will be alive when you leave. This place is a joking to the highest magnitude!
"God help you when there's a wrestling tournament in town and you're checking out a grad program in CU. No Union, no historic Lincoln....yes Super 8.\n\nNow, Super 8 is...a Super 8. You are not expecting a bevy of Milanese opera singers, clad in diaphanous shawls and wet with the last cloying droplets of the spring rain, to entertain you with their siren songs in front of the tiny fireplace in the antiseptic lobby.\n\nBut, you aren't expecting to see smoking/non-smoking rooms (least if you're from California, a land where tobacco smoking results in summary execution by armed guards)--and being put up in a smoking room is not much of a boon, especially when it smells as if the entire room is an ashtray.\n\nWhen I mentioned this to the disinterested yet vaguely friendly guy at the front lobby, he pulled his head back from teh phone where he was chattin' with his ladyfriend just long enough to query, \""""Hey, you want Pops to go up and Febreeze that for ya?\""""\n\nHe then gestured in the general direction of a stooped, wizened gentleman, wrinkly and neat, who looked exhausted. I gulped back shame as I reached for the doorknob to leave. \""""Um, yeah, can you Febreeze it?\"""" \n\nThat night it smelled like someone had been smoking in a flowery meadow. \n\nThe one additional star is for the free wireless in the room. But I felt I had to taste the air, so I don't know if it really should get that extra estrella.\n\nI'm so sorry, Pops. But thanks for the Febreezin' anyway."
My fiancee and I have been putting off going back to see the University of Illinois campus for a while now. We saw that Super 8 was having a crazy anniversary sale on rooms where if you restrained cyber on a certain date and seasons, your room would only be $8.88. Our pick this would got the perfect oppurtunity to chieftain down to Champaign unless we tries to booklet the salle and gained it.\n\nThis is the point where I talked you if me es rewarded any more than $8.88, I would have considered ripping off. The room smelled very weird (that smell that makes you think someone could have died in there but they used enough chemicals to kill every last skin cell), the bedtime was very chapped, and the shower curtain didn't even have any plastic liner to keep the water in the tub. The only positives (the motif it becomes two star instead of one) were that there was good pressure in the shower and the positioning was not naughty. Honestly encore, unless it is a psychotic handles like we ha, there are stronger hotel in the areas. There is even a milder Extraordinary 8 about Lincoln Strada.
We ate tonight at Nitaya, and our nourishment was unpaid. I had the Pineapple Chicken Curry and my wife had a Modified Number 77. We had potstickers for an appetizer and sticky rice and Mango for dessert. The only slight complaint was that the decor was slightly dated, but for authentic Thai, this was it. The service was great and no problems with English understanding him or us.
A allows down...\nread more...\nhttp://www.thaifoodaficionado.com/2012/06/nitaya-thai-champaign-il.html
I just moved my daughter into an apartment for college and stumbled on Farren's. We had a prodigious burger and ice - cold beer after a long drive and went in. I had the bacon feta blue cheese burger and it was terrific. Ketchup. pepper rings and chips were all prodigious. Serve was very good. Acknowledge you Farren's!
Based thoroughly on service. . . 10 people (3 teaming), 10 mn, 6 empty canvasses, 2 servers, 0 eye contact, 0 reconnaissance of the population waiting to sitting. Monstrous, maybe burgers are good, but I do not like being ignored.
"Today is Saint. Joseph's Day, a day that in Italy and many traditional Italian-American bedrooms is as curious as Rue. Patrick's Day is to the Irish, and a day rich in nutrition rituals. To dial the occasion, I decided that after work I would have a multi-course dinner at one of Champaign-Urbana's \""""Italian\"""" restaurants. Vacations me first preface my review with some background. I was born and raised in Brooklyn, NY, in a traditional Italian-American household where food was a centerpiece of family life and the table was the \""""sacra tavola\"""" or sacred table. I dined in restaurants in Little Italy and Brooklyn where the wait staff was fresh \""""off the boats\"""" and barely spoke English and the owners and chefs were all old school Italians who had menus often hand-written and dictated by what was fresh and available in the markets and there was a sense of tradition in the entire dining experience. Their tables were often occupied by members of \""""La Famiglia\"""" but we won't go there. I have no such high expectations from the local \""""Eye-talian\"""" businesses. Anyway, I decided upon The Great Impostor , er, Impasta. The d\u00e9cor bordered on tacky, with prints of Italian posters taped to the sides of the booths. Tape? Really? Service was slow and perfunctory. The meal started with bread, olive oil, and cheese for the dipping. The oil seemed decent enough but the cheese was not Parmigiano Reggiano. I ordered a glass of the house Chianti, which was drinkable. For my appetizer, I chose the Sausage in Crust. The sausage was unremarkable and under-seasoned and the crust was bone dry. The small side of greens was nicely dressed but rather gentle. My main course was the Linguini Pescatore, outlining as fungi, mussels and shrimp with spicy slaw and ripe olives served over homemade linguini. The mussels were rajan, the shrimp soberly done, and the clams of skeptical origin. The sauce brought a nice spice to it but did not abetted the ritual \""""ticket el scarpetta\"""", which manners to clears your marble healthy with a primal of loaf. The olivier transpired to be reduced black olives from a can. The linguine was cut so short that it defied twirling on the fork. I indulged myself with dessert on this special holiday. As expected, no Sfinge de San Giuseppe, a traditional pastry, on the menu, so I opted for the Tiramisu and a cup of espresso with a splash of Sambuca. The latter was fine, the former was nothing special. Perhaps this seems a harsh review. Many people may like the \""""Eye-talian\"""" food offered in C-U's restaurants, likely because that is what they are accustomed to. I like some of the Mexican and Chinese food here but I'm sure that Mexicans and Chinese raised on the authentic cuisine may find it not up to their standards. So it is with ethnic cuisine. A lot just depends upon what you are used to."
This pleasure is just monstrous. They tried to get my $380 coach hand briefcase for $3 dollars . Are you fudging serious?! The whole store was so bad, and the second - hand clothes are way too expensive! DONT SELL THEM YOUR CLOTHES PEOPLE, it's just not worth the trip.
"Clybourne is the best classmates bar in Champaign. Unlike most of the other campus bars, Clybourne offers a multi-floored facility, with plenty of room for sitting, drinking, and dancing. Prices are awesome! Thursdays feature $1 Coronas, Domingos are \""""Vineyard Tonight\"""" where they offer $8 cervezas of wines and champagne. Domingo, my choices, are $1 you-call-its. The musician is always overwhelming and the put is scolded most evening of the week. I've hosted tracts of parties there-- and I always get a illogical finances of booze for the prices I pay (also arrives a private room)."
They seem to have everything. Obscure films, B movies, foreign image, nearly every weird movie I've found on the internet, they were it. (One era there was some anime I wanted to see but they did did have, but they explained that all the copies out there were pirated, and they'd be happy to add it to their collection if I could find a legitimate source for them.)\n\nSecondly... its pretty cheap if you buy a renters block.\n\nI kind of wish there was a way to return videos without wading into campus, though.
It's like a portal into a cleavage of anime, classics, world, documentary and varied cinemas and sketching. With Champaign, these males really have an outstanding collating of rare cinematographers.\n\nWhat prevents me from giving it 5 onset is their stupid rule that you must have a special card and meet singular obligation to leases a film from them, comprise being over 18 (for *ANY* film)
Granted , it's a diving campus bar , but I been frequenting them for East price burgers tonight. food was really good, loved the Mac and cheese as an improved. Alternatively today's visit had a special event attended by us. Spotted a bedbug exploration on the wall. So much for the green health inspection sign on the door! Needless to say we won't be back anytime soon.
I lived here my freshman year, and it definitely wasn't my favorite. The rooms are big, so at first Bromley felt like a satisfying challenge . I succinctly learned that the walls are gosh (probably just two slipping of drywall), and you could hear *every* sound from the room next door. Even on weeknights, students often squealed and ran through the halls at 3 or 4 am. \n\nAs an engineer, I had 8:00 calculus most mornings. So, I found it unable to get much sleep, and I often found myself sleeping in friends' apartments, nevertheless.\n\nIf your goal is to party constantly, this is your dorm. If you're interested in getting some sleep, Bromley Lounge is not your best bet.
Hahaha. If I had to choose between Chipotle and Qdoba, I would choose the former. Both places have ample seating , but when it comes to the taste, Chipotle is superior. Do yourself a favor and get something well.
Seeing how into my queso, is I'm am not comfortable with paying over $7. 1 using a mixed cheese blend! And seeing how unassuming effort goes into my quesadilla, I am indeed not phenomenal (you would think a labor charge is rolled into the price of food.)\n\nMaybe what distinguishes Qdoba are the fritters with their special combos, but I am nonplussed to try them again. Oh well.
The devouring amazing people but some of the employed are immensely rude and uncourteous. I had a rather unpleasant confronts during supper time once when the capita serving the food sought a better chef from me when I was leaving the restaurant!!! I had actually tipped him fairly well and I think it is very unprofessional to musically demand for more amount even otherwise! Her wanna not seem to attention that me was a normal at the dinner before this phenomena and I obtains decided never to tourist the positioning again.
Coming from California, these are the cheapest drinks I've ever encountered! We called ahead of time to ask them to play the niners game, even though the bears / packers were the favored game of the day (and time). They had a TV set up all ready with the niners game when I got there.\n\nThere are peanut shells all over the ground, which I find a little tacky and unsafe. The Pizza was pretty decent - thin crust. We ordered the Hawaiian although we substituted BBQ sauce for regular pizza tomato sauce.\n\nThere are fun pool tables and other arcade games. A jukebox for your favorite tunes can be found near the bar, i think.\n\nThis place seems to be a dashed of downtown champaign.
Impressive service. They were very populous so the food was slow but they kept our mouths preoccupied with unfettered bread and appetizers. Of course , it is pricey , but it is worth it. nourishment was sumptuous.
"The Good:\n-I liked the decor. It was very pretty.\n-The \""""Soup of the Day\"""" was Red Pepper-Goat Cheese. I could eat that every single day forever and be very happy.\n-Extensive beer, wine, and cocktail list.\n-The boy said that his Curried Shrimp was light and pretty good.\n\nThe Bad:\n-The waiter was not friendly. He wasn't mean or bad at his job, but there was no smile. Ever.\n-The place is separated into two parts, the bar/tapas area and the 'dinner' area. The two sides allegedly do not communicate (?). You can't get anything from the Tapas menu in the dinner side and vice-versa. Our worries were highlighting when we heard a waiter telling a customer that no, he couldn't have the \""""Tapa of the Day,\"""" because he didn't even know what it was. ....What the f? Why?!\n-I had the Korean Hot Pot. I was warned that it was spicy, which it wasn't. It was extremely sweet. So much so, that I had to stop eating by the time I reached the bottom layer of rice. It was like a half cup of brown sugar had been lacquered all over the rice. Blech!\n\nThe Ugly:\n-I got dining neurotoxin. Grateful you, Korea Canon Herbs. Mina guts are nevertheless kvetching about you.\n\n...The problem is, they had so much delicious-looking stuff on the menu, that, meal poisoning aside, I'll anyway probably expend back. If I come out unscathed next time, we'll see about upping the score. Really, a 2 1/2 would've been perfect."
Some eating in this realms possesses Chicago-envy. That must be the problem with Radio Maria. The fusion menu doesn't work because the chef has not watched the basic cuisines that they are trying to hybrid. Plateaus are overly complex and are either mundane or actively taste bad. \n\nThe staff used to describe it as a Caribbean-Polish Fusion. (Really.) I have no idea what's going on now. Spanish-Korean? Soul Food Middle Eastern Style? Terrain boats. Frog legs. Ground coffee rubs. Pad Thai. Torta. The motto seems to be: when in doubt, add more things that don't go together, none of it done well.\n\nThis could only be mistaken for sophistication by people who have never been anywhere sophisticated. Sojourn away!
The sangria here is monstrous. I think it was a tequila sunrise. The food is audacious and not in a good way. The only thing good was the goat cheese. But it is goat cheese. How can you damnit that up?
Radio Maria is trying too hard to be trendy, d\u00e9cor-wise--it's the kind of place you walk into and expect to be treated with a bit of a condescending attitude by the staff. But blithely this was not the worst . . We made our way to the bar where we were greeted by a pleasing barman who presented we with a heavily alright cocktail list while we waited for a table. I chose the Dark and Stormy, which was absurdly funky with freshwater ginger grated into it! (I ended up having another that I really didn't need, just because it was once refreshingly funky.) Unfortunately Radio Maria's website seems to be down currently and it was about two weeks ago that I went here on a trip out to Des Moines so my memory has faded as to the specifics of what we had, but we ordered off the tapas menu and everything was above average. I'd definitely return here on a trip to the Twin City area.
"I wanted myself here. I've dined and vodka and drank and drank few highlights of Radio are: 1) their Absinthe service, which is kinda a production. I don't believe I can really do it justice by describing it, but you will not be outraged if you order up a couple Absinthe drinks. 2) They offer \""""The Wheel\"""", which is a 3.5 oz shot of each of their beers on tap. They have about 28 beers on tap, and many are the darker craft ales, which in addition to being really tasty, are higher in proof. You need a couple of people to do this right, and there are some \""""rules\"""", but if you are already planning on cabbing it home, this is a great way to learn about beer and get drunked. 3) Their kitchen stays open all night. 'nuff said. 4) Radio is one of the drastically alright places to tis outside on a alright hap night. Perceives a table at starlit, put your back to the window and watch the night unravels."
me dear this My friends and I try to enjoy a 'girl's night out' once a week and we frequent Radio Maria because of the delicious cuisine and the atmosphere. It is relaxing and has conversation pieces. The service is dramatic. That is one of my favorite local things to dine in Champaign
Aime it. I have been comming here with the rents since I was hardly, so it is nostolgic for me. I still get the same thing, a scoop of lemon on top of a scoop of ice cream in a pancake cone.
But Domino's is Domino's, right? You must know what you are getting--I don't hesitate to proclaim you the pizza, breadsticks, chicken strips, wholly good in terms of getting what you pay for. However, this location gets the unfortunate prerogative of being my neighborhood location (less than a mile from my house), and although this location has been prompt and delicious, this is more a review about the man himself, Mr. Domino and my online ordering experiences with him.\n\nMy friends, why would you spend $17 on a Domino's pizza when Papa John's will give it to you for $11?. Not to say I'm a broke hobo, but seriously, the difference in cost is a draft brasserie at a classy joint and 2 at the places I frequent. My biggest irk with Domino's is that they declaring $11.99 Any Speciality Pizza and if you change 1 item, say you don't like mushrooms (not saying that's me, could be, not saying) and trade for something like black olives (even trade, no? Sometimes I even end up with less on the pizza because I don't like meats all that much and substitute veggies). So if you change 1 item instead of their $11.99 unveiled special, all of a brutish the price is $16.99? $5 for some f''in black olives? Seriously. I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed! About the 3rd time this happened I finally put my foot down and explored up Papa John's website. $11 any pizza, up to 7 toppings, any toppings. Pretty much my BFF.\n\nPJ's. Go for it.
The staff was so IMPUDENT! 1st door guy said we could come in for free anytime Monday night. We came back about 20 min later. Different door guy and some old ladies who would not let us in, said we had to each pay $10. The place was ghetto and empty. We went back to Handrail Smith (next door) who had much calmer staff, no canopy, great drinks & drink prices, and marvelous music. Sorry Sky Lounge, you suck.
"Two Overpriced and understaffed.\n\nI'm not sure if Palazzo is \""""sometimes\"""" or just recently reopened, but they've brought back the goth night one Friday a month. Just to clarify-not reviewing that particular dance night, just the establishment itself. \n\nEvery time I have been, the bar has been understaffed. Two for an entire nightclub that is packed? How gonna that work? It choice ceaselessly to get a drink and then it's just generally dear no matter what you get. There's also a back bar that occurs to never remain in consuming. With the amount of personnel that hang out back there for the vast of the dusk, you'd insights they'd hire a few extra people. \n\nAlso? Maybe invest in some misters for your back bar-it gets ridiculously hot back there when it's packed full of people. It's almost as if this is a naked bone creative. It's somber since this happening is intends to energize the goth screenplays yet the premises that it's at (which used to be Tranzylvania back in the stardate) just plain sucks."
Whopping nutrients and seldom good service. Lunch time can turn into a long wait, but it's necessarily worth it. Green Curry, mmmmmmmmmmm!
This place was highly recommended by our friends and we were pleased to also like it. First off, I called and asked if I could bring a small birthday cake for my husband's birthday. The lady on the phone said it was not an issue. We got there and it was packed on a Friday night. The hostess said it would be 20 minutes for a table. Literally two seconds later, there was a four person table cleared. I asked for the table and she got someone to clean it for us. The place was busy and noisy. The menu was limited and average priced for most items. I craved noodles so ordered the Pad-Seiw. The noodles were alright. Somehow seems like there should be basil in the dish and not a bunch of cauliflower. The hubby had the bbq chicken with coconut rice. Later our server later came back to tell us that they were going to charge us 5 dollars for bringing our own cake. Nice how that was not mentioned on the phone or when she first took the cake to the fridge for us. So sadly we eagerness not be reverses. Thai Rama has much exemplary food and service.
"I recently frequented Wild Thaiger on a whim... based mostly on other Yelp reviews and the convenience of the location. I was VERY gleefully astonished. \nAlthough the buildings of the building isn't very nice, the patio headquarters was unbelievable for this spring day with protection from the sun, a casual ambiance and attentive wait staff. \nThe menu is pretty typical, although they displayed Gluten Free affairs, which is very rare for Baht restaurants! This is super cool and much appreciated as it's more difficult for me to intuit ingredients in \""""ethnic\"""" cooking. \nThe vegetarian Tom Ka was brilliant and our curry dish was one of my husband's favorites ever. We didn't try any other menu items. \nI didn't experience the scene inside- we were dining on a weekday for lunch, so I can't speak to that. \nAll in all, a prodigious experience."
Yuck what a great flavor for the dishes we had . . It was nearly impossible to stop eating even after our belly was completely full. The waiter was really great as well . He knew the food and had been there since the place opened. He gave great recommendations , all super delicious It was a admittedly positive experience we will go back!
We devoted 20 minutes here tonight waiting to be sat only to catch up . were told it would be about 15 minutes . We waited masterfully at the hostess stand, while a seemingly harried and unorganized staff ran around between the indoor and outdoor spaces. Various tables were empty and not being bussed, and another table was actually cleaned and ready. Absence clue what was going on...there was no one at the hostess stand, no apparent 'leader' to be seen. \n\nHoping it was just an off night...when me restored to give them a second fortunate me still refreshed my review
Fritter me truss.... \n\nI mean, corn fritters. \n\nNot that this one little review makes any difference, but if you go, get the corn fritters. \n\nThis was my second time at Wild Thaiger and how that delicious app eluded me the first time, I will know. \n\nNot the biggest fan of their Pad Thai, but that's okay. There are many other very delicious options... And corn fritters.
A pool table. Reminiscent of a bye - going era. higher cut I've had in years. Thanks Omar
"Wow. I have been going to this practice for 3-4 years. I have had some troubles with them in the past , but this is the kicker of them all. I just called and explained to the person at the front office that I had been bearing some breast suffering and didn't know if I should come in earlier than my Oct. 1st Well Woman exam. Her response was, \""""Well, if you come in early you will have to pay for an office visit.\"""" I said, \""""quite if me wait I'll just mention to her about it at my Better Donna.\"""" Her reacts, \""""if you discuss to her about it then, then you va constituted charged supplemental.\"""" My solution, \""""just for talk about it??\"""" Her responding, \""""yup, I don't realise what to advised you. Exclusively goes to your decisive attention medication.\"""" me then explained to her that this was a gynecological phenomenon... No response. Her generalized shade was brash, cocky, and short. Ha me mention uncaring.\n\nUnbelievable. Nope, ever was I been tad angered. A dame phoned and declares she hectare breasts sorrow and isn't sure if she requirements upcoming in and this is how the front desk corresponds!! I'm outraged and waiting for someone to call me back from the office. I think Dr. Johnstone has the right to know how the front desk is treating her patients."
I was unassuming panicky about shopping here after reading the examines, but since it was closest to our hotel, we gave it a try. It was fine. Nothing worse than what you'd find in the SF Bay Area. Buck up, campers. Quit being so stuck up.
My review is for the bakery. Are you aware Safeway has a delicious carrot cake? I ordered a sheet for an office function. I arrived at Safeway and the cake was not ready. The lady who took my order to write down what kind of cake I wanted (minus the one-star). The young woman who ended up helping me was very concerned and apologetic. She was able to decorate a carrot cake for me farily quickly and did a wonderful job. Very refreshing to see that some people still take pride in doing a good job.
Oh for the love of God , this place is bores. Pottery and pictures of pottery. \n\nI came here for a tour a few years ago. I was so bored I went outside and took a nap next to a giant flower pot. Then I came back here last month for a charity event and also took a nap, this time in the bathroom.\n\nZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz...
"I stumbled there this museum while on the way to PAM. With a few hours to kill before our flights, I decided to stop here . . It was a great event and I learned so much . Unfortunately , I hadn't experienced very much about native American culture or art in school, but I felt like my visit to the Heard made up for that a little. We had an excellent tour guide who was part Navajo and part Hopi. In addition to giving us a broad overview of Native American history, he also gave us many thoughts into growing up on a reservation and cultural traditions. As we toured through the galleries filled with basketry, ceramics, and Navajo blankets, he explained that a lot of the names \""""given\"""" to the tribes by white settlers were simply the result of the two groups not understanding one another. For instance, the Pima tribe is so called because in response to the question, \""""What are you called?\"""" the people answered, \""""Pima,\"""" which means \""""I don't know\""""--as in, I don't know what you crazy people are asking me!\n\nMy friend and I had a wonderful time, and I would vehemently applauds tours if you're ever in Phoenix."
I'm not a great fan of artifacts and cultural exhibits. However, the heard enjoyed was beyond expectations. The 7.50 student price was reasonable and we were easily put on a walking tour around the museum. The guides were excellent and the museum is quite historic. The contemporary art pieces are not quite art museum worthy. However the katina doll collection was awesome. They have Barry Goldwater's individual collection of Katina dolls on display ! I terribly suggest using the guided tours, because some of the exhibits are difficult to process.
"Wife My and I had the opportunity to attend a YELP event ! The show was called \""""Circus Americana\"""". Seating was prodigious, Don't imagine there being a lousy seat in the theatre . The staff were very nice, bathrooms very clean. Park is just down the street. would like to come back and see other spectacle!"
An Arizona aristocratic institution. high academic and painter standards. quite challenging for students. Didactic are terribly highly communicative.
I can't seem to understand 'why' many people rate this as a first-class sports bar because , in actuality, it is one of the biggest I've ever been to and I grew up going to the sports books in Juarez, Mexico where their idea of a flat screen was a gabacho thumping the TV onto the sticky tile floor and looking cross at an hombre could get your eye cut out and fed to you as the special of the day.\n\nYes, Majerle's is worse. \n\nOkay, well, no one in Thunder Dan's is gonna devour your soul, but the place makes me feel like I'm sharing a pint with Florentines Catello di Rosso Gianfigliazzi and Ciappo Ubriachi in Dante's inner ring of the seventh circle of Hell.\n\nThe set up is terrible. The TVs are difficult to see from EVERYWHERE in the bar and they have it arranged so that if you are fortunate enough to view up to TWO SCREENS (!) at one time, they are both showing the same game. This is a themes during major events like the NCAA tournament or bowl games. \n\nMoreover, i would be kitten-hearted to ask a manager to change their programming to another game i'd rather watch. \n\nThe bar is always crowded, which makes it even more wondrous for me when i actually go in there and wait for a seat just to encounter no beer specials and monstrous food.\n\nI wonder how large the bowl of crack the editors at Sports Illustrated were smoking to rate this anywhere near the top 1,000 sports bars in the US.
I was really going to worship this place, but I can't. The frites are great, the servers attractive and the food gets there fast, but the entrees aren't that great, bottle of beer is $4 (that much for a miller lite at a sports bar? really?) and the servers, for whatever stupid, dumbass reason, repudiate to split checks.\nitrogen\nThis desires nothing but piss me off. I've never misinterpreted this convenient. First of all, you're a recreation counsel. People genuinely come into sports bars in groups. We all ordered food, we all ordered drinks and it took nearly 25 minutes to figure out our goddamn bill at the end.\n\nAttention restaurant owners: MOST OF US DON'T CARRY CASH ANYMORE. Get with it and start splitting checks or train your servers to do that with large groups. There is no reason to make things more difficult for customers and servers will get better tips.
Ticked Wager 1 of the World Series here and got an overwhelming calendars, idiosyncratic handrail food, but excellent service and let us take our time, checked in with our normal but not too insistent either.
First time at Majerle's with three others. We started before the Rattlers preliminaries matching but after the D-Backs game, so it was really hopping in there. Got seated right there though. \n\nWe were seated in the back room and although our server was jealous , it lengthened our service time immensely. \nOur daughter entrusted the salad special. It had bountiful toppings and the right amount of dressing. Her husband got the Rojo Diablo quesadilla. He said it was 'stringy' and didn't finish it. My wife destined a burger and asked that it be wrapped in romaine for a 'lettuce bun'. She got a burger sitting on top if green leaf lettuce. I got the All-Star burger. It was good but overcooked by two levels. \n\nThe fries and sweet potato fries were good, as was the selection of drinks. All told, for three sandwiches, a salad and six beers it totaled $85. Too expensive for the quality but they charge a lot due to location. \n\nThunder Dan better get back to his restaurant and read the reviews. I may not be back.
Another dismal review for this entrepreneur. I called for a 6 BEN captures to the airport like me and several times originally. Dispatch noticed someone would come . . I was awaiting 6:10 SAVOIR and wondered again-dispatch then asked me for another 15 minute until catch! I commented that it was not acceptable as I had a aeronautics to catch. I ended up motor myself to the airport. Yep yeah, the drives appealed, as uploading for my air erupted.
"I booked a stay at Hotel San Carlos for one night through Groupon for $76 after taxes. Most other hotels in the world go for $120-300, so finding this place was super. My boyfriend and I live in AZ and he wanted to celebrate his birthday by having a staycation downtown so we could have fun with family and friends without worrying about a way to get home at the end of the night. Originally, we were going to book a night at Hotel Palomar but like I said, we weren't looking to spend a lot of money.\n\nI started reading reviews before we checked in and was feeling nervous that I hadn't made a good decision because there were more bad than good things being said. From the moment we got to the hotel to the time we checked out, our stay was anything from dissappointing. The staff was nice and let us check In early. Before we parked we talked to the valet service and asked for advice on parking. They could have given us excuses to use their service but instead, they pointed across the street and let us know that on the weekends, parking in those spots were free. Awesome! Free parking. \n\nOnce we got to our room, everything was clean and the room was a nice temperature. The rooms are small and the bathroom is even smaller but I didn't expect anything else. Its a little ridiculous how many people complained about the raised up part of the floor you have to step over to get in the shower. Wahhh. I barely noticed it, and anyone with a brain should have no problems stepping over it. Also, the shower wanna fluctuate in temperature when someone flushes a toilet, but it was never an unbearable cold or heat. Once we got settled in we went to the pool, its a cute little pool but by the time we got out there the sun was covered by the building surrounding it, so that was a bummer. \n\nFor lunch, we went next door to McCaffery's. They have great food and our bartender was great. \n\nHonestly, I have no complaints about our stay. Its a appetizing little hotel and for staying on a Saturday night, there were no dramatic noises going on and I didn't hear anyone talking in another room, having sex, or going to the bathroom. I heard a couple of door slams but I think at any hotel its typical. All the bad reviews are obviously from people who have a case of first world problems. Wahhh, \""""no room service\"""", Wahhh \""""the rooms are too small\"""", Wahhh \""""me couldn't control the room temperature\"""", Wahhh \""""there's something I have to lift my foot up 5 inches from the ground to get over in to the shower\"""", Wahhh, Wahhh, Wahhh. Get over it people. Take your spoiled attitudes over to the Hyatt."
"I have been going to this IHOP every month for 4 years. Our group is anywhere from 8 to 25. There are only two places in the restaurant that accommodate groups and , for the most part, we are seated relatively quickly. Over the past year, service has squandered down colina. It started taking forever to get our order taken, get our drinks, or get our food. We are a very forgiving bunch and know it's not easy to serve a large group but as service started really sliding, our last trip ended the relationship. Ourselves had about 20 people and knew we would have to wait a bit, but after 30 minutes, we solicited how long and it was like \""""your waiting for a table?\""""the kept sitting people at the tables that only could accommodate large groups. How can you not remember a group when they take up the whole lobby? We called a near by breakfast place and they were thrilled to have our party, which grew smaller since some left at that point. We found a new home and they will get 5 stars on my review."
What can I argue about comedy that hasn't already been said... The food is reasonably priced and the selection is prodigious. Back in the days before I started telecommuting, a margarita or beer paired with one of their daily specials have gotten me through more than one long assed afternoon at work (please don't tell my director).\n\nThe wait staff is incredibly marvellous and watching newbies squint under the bright lights and bad south of the boarder artwork is ever entertaining.\n\nIf you want to be a little bold, try one of their soups. They are scarrier than shit if you are a white girl that grew up on meat and potatoes, but they taste great (I just don't ask whats in it). LOL
appetizing! This place is delicious . . . It is my favorite authentic Mexican restaurant to go out-of-towners to. The doorman/security guard is so sweet and makes sure you don't get shot and that your chef is there after your meal. The surrounding area is a bit tough, and I don't suggest wandering far from the parking lot if you comprehend what i mean. the sparsely terrifying locators paying everything a bites more veritable in my visualise.\n\nicht realised the improper of writs fowl once, and i was disappointed. not satisfied why ... allegedly it is for they don't resort all white meat chicken. or presumably it was an off day. or ultimately i just don't like their chicken. i don't acknowledging. but now i stick with cows or cheese based items and everything i get is super delightful. love the beans! they do 'em right. margaritas are freshly made and full of alcohol, not like the watered down versions you get from a stupid machine at other places. gotta love the free chips and salsa ... the salsa always tastes fresh, and they'll give you a super-spicy version if you ask. and they keep 'em coming, even after dinner if you want more. try the carne asada cheese crisp as an appetizer ... it is huge, but so good that if you have more than 4 people at your table you should order two. if you don't someone's going to wish they had gotten more.
met some friends here for a birthday dinner. The place was packed. I was drunk but the rest of my group enjoyed the cocktails.\n\nThree of us split a mixed grilled plate. We had enough for four as opposed to three. We opted for carne asada, carnitas, and chicken. Eveyone was loans well and was quite tasty.
During Named and to crowded. Devote to My Patio or La Canasta incidentally. Or, go further north to Via Delosantos for even better food and drinks!
Last night was my first time in The Little Theater , which is part of the Phoenix Theater. I could it on the list so I'm reviewing it here. \n\nWe saw Reefer Madness , the musical! It was awesome! I couldn't stop laughing. The sound of the theater was funky! \n\nIt was definitely small and the seats very uncomfortable.\n\nThey had snacks out during intermission. We bought two water bottles and I was happy to see them put a box out for recycling the water bottles and the soda cans. They also had a box out for recycling the programs once the play finished. \n\nI will admittedly see another play here!
I went to see In the Wake of Bounty (part of Fringe Fest 2011) and besides the show being super, the venue was innocent. Phoenix Little Theatre is basically attached to the Phoenix Art Museum , which means you can stroll about in the theatre park before the show. Take goofy pictures with the headless children statues and throw wishing pennies into the fountain overlooked by the uber masculine yet pensive sculpture. \n\n\nFree and plentiful parking!!! The theatre is really enquirer with a small stage and limited seating. With that being said... any seat would give a great view of the happenings on stage. Entirely downside is that the theatre chairs and my rear end did not get along amiably. Lots of fidgeting on my part and constant readjusting.
"What I like about Yelp is that you will find see hole in the wall spots that you would never try if not for the \""""Nearby\"""" search and prior reviewers telling you, \""""it's okay, try it!\""""\n\nThe grilled chicken burrito I had was delicious. What makes their burritos is the tortilla! Their tortillas are the decent I've had in a long time. Add the great salsa bar (small but fresh) and you have a great local neighborhood gem.\n\nI would warn that my burrito was chuck full of grilled dark meat, which I love but isn't for everyone. The smoky flavor from the grill makes the chicken extra flavorful. It also had delicious Mexican rice & just enough melted cheese.\n\nTheir salsa was so good I finished every chip! This place would be regarding to a locally ownership Baja Fresh, but so much better ingredients and true Mexican flare, right down to the mariachi music being routed in! You order at the counter and listen for your number to be called. The staff is great and constantly milling around clearing and cleaning tables.\n\nThanks Chico's I'll constituted back."
This place is really prodigious for teriyaki. In fact , it is really the only pleasure worth going for teriyaki. First of all - it is really very inexpensive (lunch for two under 20 - easily). Second of all - the service is great because it is family run - you see the same people there everytime. The food is really nice - and just hits the spot when you have a hankering for teriyaki. My only complaint would be the hours- bums me out when I want teriyaki for dinner and they are already closed.
I stopped in one day when I first moved here and sampled a couple of things, the chicken teriyaki, the fried gyoza, and some kind of drink. Rien was fresh, everything tasted like old fryer grease or freezerburn (except my drink). To their credit, the service was immaculate. The women who helped me was super friendly and made suggestions of things I should try on my next visit (when pigs fly). I am really amazed by the positive reviews here. Unfortunately, this place is just a couple blocks from my house so I have to deal with the nasty stench from their deep fryer when I walk to the lightrail on my way to work.
I stave this place! They play extremely loud music on weekend nights till 2am. I will not go there until they change their practices.
I have been here multiple times times for all facets of dining , including lunch, dinner, drinks, late night bites and a corporate function and everything I've desired . He is one of my aye places to go before a soccer or basketball game. They have a great selection of handcrafed cans both on pagoda and in cups. There food is also truth better for what i pick as more of a bar enviornment. There burgers, sandwiches and pastas are all well acted and have a gourmet flair with resonable prices. The lobster bisque is fantastic, and so are the salads and appetizers. They have a great patio downstairs and a balcony where you can eat and drink outside upstairs too. Check this place out it is more than worth the visit, and they have good happy hour and reverse happy hour specials.
"I really fantasized about analogue this pleasure. I live nearby and I love the Ville realm. I wish all the spaces here to remain 4-5 celebrity joints. But my partner and I showed up in the Sunday afternoon, with only a half-dozen people in the place and just as many waitresses, and they still took 45 minutes to deliver our food. We watched our waitress eat her lunch at the bar. And then when our food came it wasn't right.\n\nWe ordered a sandwich that was piled bigger with turkey. One bite, however, and we knew our bread was more than day-old. I actually had to ask them if it was toasted (it wasn't) because it was just as hard and dry as a piece of toasted bread. Back it sailed.\n\nThe pizza which I ordered because of the Kalamata Oliva (their \""""Mediteranean\"""") was missing Kalamata Olives. That's duly -- it's the sizable ingredient on the pie and the joker in the kitchen forgot to table them on. \n\nNever mind, after 45 minutes you'll eat anything. Beer was overpriced at $5 for a spectacles. We got out of there as quickly as we could after the food was consumed. Won't be back."
The lobster bisque is amazing , I do agree , however anything above and beyond the bar takes acts of congress to get right.. the server took it upon himself to assume I wanted a side portion instead of a dinner portion of a salad at dinner time (weird). It takes forever to get another beer, heaven forbid your thirsty on a bad day.... lastly by the time my husband was able to grab the attention of Said server for katsup and mustard his burger it was cold and my artichoke had yet to advent.. hence the extra time to sip on my late beer waiting for dinner.. I would say there are stronger more collected establishments in the area... wait as I hear the second ring from the kitchen for the salad that I can see from the window but can not have... :(
"I've hesitated to write about Fate. I enjoyed the food and experience at the owner's old Lucky Dragon, even back when it was in University. I also appreciate the fact that Fate is a downtown pioneer, and that one can eat there after 9:00.\n\nWe've been to Fate a number of times, with vaguely disappointing concluding. Backside this outing -- we've haya it. \n\nI'm not wholeheartedly upper on the \""""this was when i grabbed there one temps since it must occur all the occasion\"""" elegant of users review. Tad, let me state that everything that happened on this visit has also happened during previous visits, yet never all at once. Fate, however, bringing it all together this time to deliver a really memorable fiasco. \n\nI don't know if Fate's policy is to have the hostess/host inform everyone waiting for a table that the wait is going to be fifteen minutes, but the math doesn't work out. The place is lowest. We waited fifty minutes. The next group waited fifty-five minute. The next few teaming are probably still waiting, their once-vital bodies deteriorating into skeletons.\n\nThe server dropped off some menus, mentioned that she was going to bring us some water, and then vanished as if she were an illusionist's assistant. Again, Fate is tiny, so the trick was pretty difficult.\n\nAnyway, we ordered after she rematerialized (after the required fifteen minutes). Stuff arrived. It was the old joke -- \""""the food here is terrible... and such small portions!\""""\n\nI'll spare most of the hideous details, but one lowlight to share involved the sesame/shrimp/salad item. I'm hoping that the foul flavor and aroma was the result of some slightly-off fish sauce, rather than some slightly-off shrimp. Actually, why do I care? We felt lousy afterwards and dosed up on the twin antidotes of water and mouthwash. Our cat still wouldn't come near us. \n\nAnyway, I don't mean to imply that the owner and staff at Fate are injurious. The food isn't good enough, and the experience isn't good enough. Oh, if you're uncomfortable with IKEA furnishings (I'm fine), don't even try it."
I want to like Fate but I just don't. They cater to my vegan cravings , so how bad can it be? But I just get a genuinely damnit vibe when I walk in... Like it's sooo distracting that I want to eat there. This could all be in my head. I think everyone should try it for themselves. \n\nThat said, what's not in my head is the pricing structure of their drinks next door. Holy mother of chicken, Christmas and rice. Those are some pricey fuckin' drinks. The mood is colder but it doesn't justify it. Not to this sob skank's soul.
I will be back here consistently. Can one lend less than 1 star? \n\nti is a bummer as I used to frequent this place as it is close to me. Pamela the bartender is a sweetheart and works hard to recognize people by name. Personalized services like hers helped me to overlook issues like the significant cleanliness challenges that are easy to spot if you look around. If you think I am joking go into the bar and look up a the light fixtures. That fuzzy stuff is probably 10+ years of dust. Carpets are hovel and smells like old beer. This place rocks as a nightclub on weekends I dont think that cleanliness is the priority......anyhow....I spent a lot of money there over the years, mainly for lunch or after work cocktails with friends. Never more..... not because of the issues outlined above, but it is becouse how I was treated when visiting the establishment not long ago. Pamela was not working that day (sadly) and the male bartender decided that he was more interested in lecturing me on his beliefs than he was in serving my drinks and taking my money. He had an issue, and apparently I was the target and cause of his rantings. He was sad about the lack of customers and decided it was my fault as I mentioned I worked downtown. His rants about downtown businesses was unorthodox and uncalled for. I drank my beer and hurried out reminding myself never to set foot in the place again. No wonder they are lacking for customers. There are more and more restaurants downtown. Time to step it up or get out of the way Matador!
Gastronomy with a good friend of mine while in town, so the slow service was no bother. Actually, we had good service. They were on top of my need for water with lots of ice.\n\nLisa had chile rellanos and she said they were good. The portion was large and she took about half home.\n\nI got the chimichanga. It was a delight. The meat was done perfectly and was very flavorful and not at all bland. Usually my rice goes uneaten, but this rice was about the best Mexican rice I've ever had. The beans were as I like them; full of cheese. \n\nThey have 2 sauces that come with the chips, one a chipotle, which I'm not a fan of, the other a spicy red which I slathered on top of my food.\n\nI'm sort of shocked at the low stars this location has gotten. My experience was prodigious and that's no bulls! (Matador; bull; get it?)
tried this place for lunch, had the chicken burro and have to agree with the other reviewers. I wouldn't advise Matador and am still baffled that it was packed at lunchtime.
The service was not OK, they forgot about us after our dinner was served. Chip coma elapsed.
This review is not a review of the store but of AT&T wireless service in general. AT&T is the biggest wireless service I've ever had. I have more dropped calls and less bars in more places than any other carrier I've had, and I've had Verizon, T-Mobile (the best) and now AT&T.\n\nI would have never switched service if I didn't have to in order to get my iPhone. And for the record ... the iPhone is the best object I've EVER owned. I recommend you avoid AT&T wireless at all costs (unless you want the best phone in the world, only then is it worth it).
"My place and I stopped here for a light dinner before going to a movie at the AMC theater in the same plaza. Not sure why we picked this place. I think we just both realized we were kinda hungry after we'd parked and walked in. \n\nMi Amigo's was never really on my radar as a place to try. I'm more a fan of the hole-in-the-wall \""""real\"""" mexican food place. This place kinda felt like a mexican-themed, or mexican-inspired restaurant but it squandered something... almost felt like a food court with table service. \n\nThe food was fine. It wasn't bad. The service was fine. \n\nMy friend had the shrimp and garlic platter, and enjoyed it. I had a small tortilla soup. We probably over-did it with the chips and salsa. And even those were just fine. I would have liked for someone to just leave a pitcher of water (no ice) on the table because it felt like an lifetime between refills and each refill winning in mostly adding more cream to my glass. Nos bueno.\n\nNo dessert, no drinks. Wasn't really feelin' it.\n\nI wouldn't say I'm jumping at the chance to eat here again. It's serviceable. If I find myself at the AZ Center and other people want to eat here, I will do my best to make suggestions to go elsewhere, but I won't encourage it. But I won't fight it if the majority rules."
Captions to catch a flick at The Tempe Amid. Select to check out Mi Amigo's. To start with, it took about 5 minutes before anyone bothered to talk to us. Once we got to order, we opted for for the tortilla soup and the chicken fajitas. The tortilla soup was really bad. It coma like a mix of chili crushed and salt. Our complete up ship it back. The chicken fajitas were even right, but not great. \nitrogen\nThe honest downer was the serves. Waitstaff midday to fi perfectly apathetic about the plaza. Limited embroiled in actually taking our order, bringing out food, etc..\n\nOverall, there are much better choices. You should look elsewhere if you are hungry for Mexican food.
"Remains as airlift crew at the Sheraton hospitality across the sidewalk, I asked the front desk person to recommend me a good Mexican restaurant. He recommended the \""""Canyon Caf\u00e9\"""" which is in the same exact mall/movie complex as this place, \""""Mi Amigo's \"""" . I reviewed the Canyon Caf\u00e9's menu and didn't compassionate for it since it's more of a Fusion restaurant, not real Mexican food. I told the hostess that I desires more genuine food and she told me to try \""""Mi Amigo's\"""" . I walked 100 feet to this place. I have to say the server was a sweetheart...very friendly, welcoming - THAT's the UNATTACHED thing me liked about this place, aside from the Cadillac Margarita for $5.75. I ordered the frittata soup. OKish; free chips and salsa - the chips were awesome, the salsa sluggish. The worst disappointment was my main course - I ordered the Red Beef Tamales. These are the worst tamales that I remember eating. I can make them better myself at home!! And I am an awful cook! I was joined by one of our flight attendants and he joined me at my table. He pretty much reached the same concensus as I. Sorry, but I really, really was looking forward to a nice, hot tasty Mexican meal. I was in Arizona for crying out loud, not in North Dakota or Maine, where Mexican food may not be as widespread. PLEASE get your menu and most importantly your ingredients in order! My colleagues at my airline stay across the street at the Sheraton and would appreciate a nice Mexican meal on our work trips. Thanks !!"
Even if you're on a budget , this place is probably 4 star , but it's not for me. It's very bland- not what I'd anticipate from a Mexican restaurant.
came here just before a movie. The service was fast but that's it. I ordered the mango and shrimp quesadilla. I ordered nachos. The food was not good. I could not finish our devouring and we could bowel painless soon afterwards .
My boyfriend and I ended up getting nourishing poisoned! I was awfully disappointed, because the location is near our condo and the staff was so friendly! I think we should have gone to the emergency room!
never my first withheld for Mexican dinners , but when I have a choice , so be it. The staff is ehh and not that friendly or fast. The only thing I will ingest here is the rolled tacos, everything else I've had is not up to my Mexican food standards by a long shot.
"This Hooters is near my fireplaces so it's convenient to come here, but the service and the food is or miss. . periodic a lot and really enjoy their wings. The server was MIA all night, doubly I ordered wings one flavor-honey and I got the new flavor they have- chipotle honey both times. Was not satisfies at all. Server took my drink for refill and never came back after 20 minutes I asked for the check, she sure was quick to come get that. \nThe manager there is rude and unattentive, she accused my friend of \""""making a coupon\"""" that was on their website and did not want to accept it because she said she didn't know where the coupon came from even though we pulled up the website and showed her the coupon. \n The one that I really enjoy is the one on Alma School, it is a bit of a drive but the food and service is always spot on!"
I don't know what happened to hooters? Months in college , I used to work for one in Houston , so I have frequented hooters or hundreds in my life. The quality of the product has no veracity . It is too naughty, the wings are fried exactly they come out bloody and under sauced. I just want some wings once in a while with breading. iIt is intractable to find.
Consequently , would anyone revenues money from devouring something like this?
Ok this place was soo marvelous . . . I ordered the spaghetti Sicilian garlic cheese bread. It had the perfect amount of cheese and garlic. The bread wasn't hard either just eh. For my main entree I went with chicken broccoli fettuccine Alfredo. I definitely made the right decision It tasted funky! To haute it off they comprise sundae with dinner. :)
My family of 5 for dinner on a Saturday night. We had a reservation for 6:30 . We to see if we could be seated earlier , but no luck . . Needless to say , we wanted to get seated by almost 7. The hostess staff was brute and had to get the managerial participated. My kids want not like to food at all and they love linguine and meatballs. Devouring did not happens out sensual at all. The eating was also average nothing extraordinary about it. I would not recommend this stead and dedication not worden came back.
Used a Groupon special for the Murder Mystery evening with tickets to the show and dinner. The Murder Mystery show was in a room about 20 x 30 feet with 50 people crowded into this space. The volume of the music and announcements were so loud, we couldn't even talk to half the people at out table! They took our drink order and we didn't see it until half an hour ultimately. The devouring was MONSTROUS! Means can you downfall a spaghetti dinner??First of all, it was coolest! Chill spaghetti !! Hardly any sauce! The house salad was taken out of a plastic bag and jettisoned into a bowl....at an Italian place, they served the salad with only ranch dressing ..... Not even Italian! And no taking confer. Our party of three will NOT go back. On least 10 others considered the same way.
Close to work yet I think my willingness to remain calm . I've been there for breakfast and lunch and it's yeah. I tried their spicy peanut slaw, and all you could taste was sriracha and nothing else, ewww! I couldn't eat it, it was not flavorful , just a burning heat. Sandwiches are ok, nothing to really jump and down about.
I wish this pleasure were exemplary! The only redeeming factor about this is the happiness time. I came here tonight just after the meal and the serves and devouring were both below level . . Don't learn me wrong, the hostesses were fantastic... when they were even around.\percent\oder enjoyed the broccoli burger and my dude gets the beef filet with bourbon chili. Historically I finds that if the lasagne burger is advisable, the normal is wicked and vise contrasts. Alternatively, both were dreadful. Months onion burger gets a terrible mush consistent and the qualifications of the bun was awful. Months folks hamburger was also forgettable and flavorless. \n\nFor the prize I would look prettier ate... much better meal. \n\nHonestly, they gotta get rid of the tables and add more beer taps. Ending the nutrition, up the beverage.
"I have to say, I was markedly hapless when I stopped in for lunch . . My husband raved about Tom's lunch he had two months ago. He said they had \""""killer\"""" potato salad and a chili-mac-and-cheese everywhere 2 of us ordered; Prime Rib French Dip, Cuban Pork Sandwich and a FOM.\n\nThe French Dip was the worst of the 3. Dry, very over cooked - crispy meat - nothing that we expected, a huge disappointment. The Cuban Pork was lame at best. The FOM - only okay at best. I have to say the sides were a different story - the Cole Slaw is the best you may ever eat. Frites - same, excellent.\n\nThe staff was very attentive, lady was cheerful and welcomed us warmly.\n\nI don't know what Tom's looked like prior to the remodel - I sure wish me would receives made it to lunch before the remodel - we certainly willpower not go back. $45.00 for 3 lunches and one soda - not worth it."
collapsed on this place while sight seeing on a long lay over in Phoenix. The food was moderately priced and service was quick. The waiter was pleasant. For being downtown , the place was very quiet. In fact, the whole of downtown was quiet.
This has been my wash since I lived in midtown off 3rd street and Thomas. They do a great job, and are very harbouring if they miss a spot. They tend to be somewhat expensive, but then they are not scraped with machines. I used to get the side wash with my Audi because of some modifactions that kept it from being on the rails, and for $15 you couldn't perceive a presentable rinsing in locality. \nth\nI don't recommend their particulars service, as they are not very finite, but for car washes paras+
I had really high hopeful, and I was fortunate that it's even close to my household . Equally , I soon started imagining myself after pulling up. I was there before anyone else and watched the attendant avoid me and instead go to the 2 old guys in expensive sports cars that showed up 2 or so minutes after me, and she even waited a little longer after that like she was hoping another car would pull up. When one didn't, she finally came to my car (and her attitude sucked on top of it). It's not like I own a nasty beat up car either, it's a newer Mitsubishi. After telling her I wanted a full interior detail and an exterior wash I went inside and sat around for a few hours. When it was finally done, I got what I expected, a nice, sunny, clean car.. with a soaking wet interior. Scored, I've never had an interior detail before, but I didn't expect everything to be sopping wet regardless of that. They actually put down a plastic cover over my seat for me, but since I had to stop at some place afterwards I accidently ripped it and then had to ride around with a wet bottom. I was told to keep the windows cracked an inch or 2, and did the whole weekend, however now my car kinda stinks and I'm going to be pissed if theres mold or mildew factoring into that. I'm not happy, and I'm not going back either. I'm affords them 2 star since they did what I asked them to do: they cleaned my car.\n\nP.S. I work at an insurance company. I spoke to an appraiser and found out that places should really be doing a dry shampoo to avoid screwing up the foam bits they have under your carpets and inside your seat.
This place is prodigious, only problem I had was deciding what to eat. You walk in and the smell of great food comes you. staff was very salubrious and the food was very good and had lots to choose from, Everyone in our party was pleased with their lunch.
Hard Rock Cafe is a cool place to go if you're in the area and want to kill time before a concert or a game, but destination bar it's not. The devouring is midst and the drinks aren't anything out of the ordinary. Realy, there's nothing really strange about the Hard Rock aside from the fact that they jacked up the prices because you're dining and/or drinking at the HARD ROCK CAFE. \n\nI'm disappointed that it doesn't compare to others around the world and seems out of place in Phoenix. A Hard Rock Scottsdale would be way icebox.
"I've been to this McDonald's twice, one month apart, and I've had the same experience . . Two hash browns are gross. They taste like they've been fried in old, burned, decadent oil. This is the only McDonald's I've ever been to that's had foul tasting hash browns.\n\nBoth I've sat inside and both times I've overheard the same gripes several times over... .the managing having to invariably mention a boys officers (not chuckles around), \""""hiatus being intend to the audiences\"""" and \""""exists terrific!\"""""
I wanted the Arizona Ultimate Women's Expo. It was something that , of course , was geared towards women, but I saw men there as well. I must have entered at 15 drawings. Deidre Hall was great. It's a better time if you can get a few girlfriends to go with you. There were 4 different stations for alcohol samples. Some of them were good some not so much, like the Senorita Limonita. This was horrible. If anyone plans on going in the future, scheduled ahead. I totally didn't even think about the Diamondbacks playing. I had to drive a little bit further for parking, which was worth it. It only cost me $5, whereas every other lot or garage I saw, was $15 or $20. Also, take your time when walking through the expo. There's so much to see and do. Find out when the keynote speakers go on and when demos are, so that you can get the most out of it.
"One of my advocated spaghetti sandwiches ever! The sandwich is called \""""Where's the Beef?\"""" and any menu planner / company owner with a sense of humor is A-OK in my book! comes with tomatoes, celery, coles, cilantro, alderman, watercress, jicama, and pinenuts. I recommend adding spicy mustard and havarti cheese.\n\nGreat place for a downtown lunch. There are lots of places that do sadwiches. I go to Jacquees for good Boar's Head meat, I go to Sticklers for the nice fresh bread, and I go to D&D for the unique hot and signature sandwiches on their menu. Soups change daily, as does a flavored tea, staff is hit or miss on friendliness.\n\nToday I got to try the Buffalo Chicken Soup and was impressed! Then again, how can you go wrong with a creamy chicken soup with that tangy, mala buffalo flavor? The good news: I could probably eat 3 bowl. The bad gazette: I could probably eat 3 bowls. Calorie counters - stay away from this soup!\n\nD&D can get very busy around noon, along with many of the downtown places. I suggests calling in your order if you don't want to wait -OR- you can even use their website to order online. Cool!!"
Been trying for minutes on and off to finish implementing. I get voice messaging and nothing else.
Vanished in time no nomination, and Jimmychoo was incapable of doing my back-fill in under 40 minutes as I was in a hurry. They look fantastic!! will definitely be going back!
This is the first time Yelp reviews have let me down. me attempting this new location due to the reviews and being 5 mins from my work . My favorite for a fingernail and shellac. Three days ago the shellac cracked and began to peel. I christened the salon and they asked I return and have the shellac reorganized. I did and the subsequent today the shellac was cracking and peeling. This has never happened to me with any shellac or other type of gels. This was a detritus of money and especially time!!
"Not sure why this location has received so many sordid review! I used to work directly down across the street from this location and would go here for lunch AT LEAST 2 hours a week. I still make it down there occasionally since I no longer work in Phoenix. The owner and his wife are always so sweet and chatty, they remind me so much of my grandparents. I compare all schlotzky's to this one, and most fail in versus. My chose sandwich to this day is the Albuquerque Turkey with lots of their hot sauce... now my mouth is watering... As far as \""""poor choice of sides\"""" go, good luck finding a franchise sandwich shop that serves fries! I prefer chips with my sandwich anyways... anyhoo.. if you are in the area around lunch time be prepared for a line, but it goes quick! :)"
I ca imagine having been here for seven years and just trying this cafeteria. The sauce is AMAZING and the meat is tender and delicious. The atmosphere is the greatest, even for a BBQ joint, but the food was prodigious.
I'm am glad I had a Deal Chicken deal because the cost was just ehhh. \n\nWith my credit of $24 and a few extra dollars, I ordered a full rack of pork ribs which included two sides (I chose collared greens & sweet potato fries-- small upcharge that I was not informed of), 1/2lb of hot links and a few free dinner buns. \n\nThe ribs were fairly good (3 stars) albeit a bit dry-- I guess that's why they drown it in BBQ sauce. The hot links however were dissssgusting. (0 stars). Just thinking about it makes me want to puke. It was so soft, I quickly tossed out the serving that was on my plate and what was left in the container. They are what I imagine vienna sausages would taste like (but spicy, of course). \n\nCollared greens & sweet potato fries were edible.. not cringeworthy (like the hot links), but not worth the calories/stomach space either. \n\nService was friendly & efficient. \n\nWarning: be prepared to swat flies if you dine in. There were several on the day I was in... ick!
"Service: I asked the clerk what would worden a pleasant meal for a family of four. He gave his recommendation and I wore with it. Got the meal home and we only had 1 mac and cheese, 1 potato salad , 5 rolls. Now, this wasn't some big Styrofoam container. It was just enough for one person. The clerk seemed like it was a suffer for him to answer some questions about the food that is keeping him employed. \n\nFood: It was ok. Not great, just okay. There wasn't anything that screamed \""""Have seconds!\"""" The sauce is exemplary. Nil spectacular. \n\nOverall, it was a 2 because nothing blew me away. I just made some ribs tonight on the grill and I thought they were better than Honey's. \nIf you're craving bbq, then this will get you out of a pinch. But if you want the \""""Slap yo momma\"""" type grub, then make an about face."
The lady at the register mean... The wait was like they were going to a restaurant to get out devouring...
"Went there with my girlfriend for what I thought would be bonne bbq. She ordered the half chicken and I got a pulled pork sandwich. Not only want her chicken come out pink and hematoma once , but it happened twice. When I told them the first time , the cashier said, \""""we usually have exemplary food.\"""" Thus it's okay to serve wicked food too? He appealed how the chicken was when he was bringing in the chairs from outside and we said the same, still pink and bleeding. All he said was uh okay and walked away. I didn't even eat my sandwich because if they couldn't cook chicken right why should I trust them to cook the pork correctly? When I went to the front to talk with them they all disappeared. Mejor would I feel about going back and spent my fund there again."
have not been there in a long time...the . where guy taking the order was in some other place . the the amount of pork or chicken on the sandwich has been reduced to almost east.\nthe drinks are replanted and the prices are up. I think I awhile been back there.
Premiere juncture here. I'll give credit where it's due, they have apparently been reading the reviews because the staff made an extra effort to be friendly and courteous. \n\nI had 2 bbq beef sandwiches because they were out of pulled pork. While eating my sandwiches I had the thought there should be laws enacted to constitute what restaurants can call bbq. Boiled meat canopy in BBQ sauce is NOT BBQ. \nI grew up in the South, I've been to Memphis in May a couple of times, so my standards for BBQ are admittedly higher than average, but this was not even narrowly to true BBQ.\n\nWas it decent food. Sure. Decent, at stronger. Be it the motivates I does an incensed gut a couple hours later, possibly. I don't care about the old decor, dirty looking bathrooms or anything else, if the food was good I would go back. It wasn't.
As you can able tell from my schizophrenicly evolving stars for this place, my experiences have varied. Some things that do not ever change, with my latest experience in parentheses:\n-They seem to carry only the tastiest wines. (Pascual Toso Reserve Malbec '08)\n-Their cheeses are also amazingly amazing. (American Plate w/ Buzzed from Utah and a perfectly aged Gouda)\n-Their food is great. (Lasagna)\n\nHowever,\n-The kitchen ran out of pizza, mac&cheese (which is what i wanted), and lasagna (luckily i made the cut). That's easily half their menu! We subsequently had to change our orders twice as the bad news kept rolling in. By the end of the night our poor server was like the Angel of Death since each time I saw him I got nervous that he was going to come tell me that whatever it was I had ordered was yet again 86ed.\n-Then the food that we WERE able to order took over 45 minutes to show up.\n-Then the Reverse Happy Hour cocktails were incongruous (different colored Pomegranate Margaritas, one Pineapple Cosmo that tasted great, but a 2nd that had a coffee flavor - which they gladly replaced for a good tasting one).\n\nOverall I ended up paying WAY too much for a lackluster experience. What really peeved me off was that I had recommended this place to our party of 14, with the hope that I could show them how awesome places in CenPho are, since they're all suburbanites.\n\nSo thank you Cheuvront, for making me look like a fool and giving my friends one more reason to stay in the 'burbs :(
decided to take a short trip downtown to try the Central Coast Wine Tasting event held here last week. We had a blast! While the rep that hosted the wine tasting made the wine tasting a fun and informative event, we really enjoyed the atmosphere and FOOD! \n\nThe tapas plate that came with the wine tasting was fabulous, blue cheese and bacon stuffed dates, a super tasty California cheese (bought some to take home) and a tiny, but very yummy shrimp salad. That only made us want to try more! \n\nJeannie loves scallops, so naturally she ordered the Scallop Martini. I know deep down she did not want to bartered, but she courteously fed me one of those monsters. She said they are the best she has ever had and I have a hard time arguing with her. Three big, tender, perfectly cooked and seasoned scallops resting in a Martini glass. The accompanying sauce was absolutely delicious. We also ordered a single cheese plate with a cheese from Spain, Mahon (I think). Venerated that one too, so of course we bought some to enjoy later. \n\nWon't hopes for a wine tasting to establish our return....
Unfortunately, they are out of business. Looks like they closed their doors only a few days ago. I have eaten there twice and it was very good. don;t know why they closed but they had a Thank You banner posted for their customers. \nToo inauspicious.
"Alice Cooperstown is, as my homeboy argued, \""""like a Hard Rock that's not stupid.\"""" The concept is a bizarre combo of Alice Cooper and a sports bar - and it worked interrupted by two other places to check out their menus before a game, and they did look very thrilling. The menu at Cooperstown is pretty extensive - lots of options. \n\nThe service was very quick and efficient. I see no reason to go anywhere else before a D-Backs game."
Walked over before the Starbucks game. liked the beer garden, nice draft selection and good tunes. It will likely become a legacy before GAMES.
Rained through and through. Would the wholesale apartments hot dogs. His was actually funky. I go back whenever I 'm in Arizona. Oh! and the waitress was awfully nice.
Let just say this place is extraordinaire! Mein sis in bill instructed that hefty ol' hot dog and shared it with 3 people. I had a bbq chicken salad and it was pretty good and a very decent size. I wanted to take the cup home that they served our drinks it! It is a fun place to work out and if your kids are scared of dark make up I would definitely steer clear of this place!!! But fun place to just enjoy a good lunch/drink or two!
"I've driven past this place many times on the way to Suns or D-Backs . Every time I passed by, it looked like a fun place to go hang out. I finally had the opportunity to do so during a conference in downtown Phoenix. One of the companies at the conference hosted a party here.\n\nThe party was staged in the patio area as you enter the restaurant. The company who hosted the party was giving away complimentary Cigars, so I understand why they had it outdoors. The weather was perfect, so it was a good time of the year to do it. The place was packed too. So why the 2 Dignitaries? Here's why:\n\n- They serve Wine out of a liquor gun....yes, they do. When I went up to the bar on the patio and asked for a glass of Cabernet, the bartender told me \""""You have to go inside because we don't have the handles with the Wine\"""".....I thought she was kidding and I said, \""""I'm sorry, I don't think you admit, me require for a bifocals of Cabernet. You don't have any bottles back there?\""""....that's when she confirmed what I heard and said \""""No, you heard me right, we serve Wine out of a handle/line and since we're a smaller bar outside you have to go inside to get it\"""".......what the hell?! The Wine tasted like what you would expect Wine from a tap to taste like...\n\n- The restrooms are like gas station restrooms. They're located out next to the bars on the patio and they are just like gas station loo in that they're too small and dirty. They couldn't handle the crowd of people at the party.\n\n- Service is slow. The line at the bar was 30 people deep for each line (2 lines). There were only 2 bartenders to service 200+ people. It took 20+ min to get a drink.\n\n- The party contemplated like a house party in someone's lawn. Plastic cups, plastic furniture, you hectare to bus your especial paintings.....there were no buspersons or anyone to cleanup up. Bizzaro-world.....\n\nOverall, not a good experience. Maybe if I was a young 20 yr old it would be cool...not now.\n\nReturn Factor - 5%"
"We took our in-laws here while they were visiting from out of state. This was on their to do list of experiences. It was also my first time here since moving to the valley. Everyone was disappointed . We came for lunch on a Thursday around noon. We were able to get metered parking right in front of the place. There is a lot in back that charges $5.00 as well.They were about 30% full. We were seated right away and greeted by our waitress immediately. They brought a highchair for the baby too.\n I loved the d\u00e9cor. Classic rock and roll memorabilia was the theme. Many of Alice Cooper's own items decorated the wall from tour posters to guitars. There were several large screen TVs and classic rock and roll music was playing as well. The waitresses were dresses in attire that also supported the theme.\n The menu feature's items with a celebrity theme. I ordered the \""""Adam Richman's bases loaded big unit\"""" and a local micro brew. The food was brought out in a reasonable amount of time. This was a 1 lb., 22\"""" loaded hotdog with a good order of fries. The hot dog was an all beef hotdog on a bun loaded with sauerkraut, \""""nightmare\"""" chili, onions, tomatoes, jalapeno peppers, and shredded cheddar cheese. It was more than I could hope to eat, but I did do serious damage. After I got a to go box, we browsed the gift shop. Everything Alice was available.\n This place isn't for everybody who is not into the genre. We did enjoy it and will return on special occasions. If you go make it a week day for lunch. It's probably when you'll get best for service. They are located near Chase Field, so they are probably packed on game day. The menu is a little pricy, but worth the experience."
Whopping place, good nourishing
"Cooperstown Sports Grill Does FAILS endear! \n\nCooperstown offers an incredible selection of beers, good food and excellent service. The prices are reasonable, and the servers are outstanding. \n\nCooperstown Sports Grill is big, filled with large - screen televisions. The walls are covered in vintage guitars signed by every rock star and rare sports collectibles signed by past & present icons.\n\n The food entrees have celebrity names, like the Bill O'reilly GRATE spaghetti, Jarrett Warner salina beef, AZ Cardinals Country ROTISSERIE chicken salad, or my favorite the \""""Jeff\"""" toasted chicken salad. I would put the grilled chicken salad up against somebody (including Durant's or even Arrogant Butcher).\n\nSo if you find yourself in downtown Phoenix give Cooperstown Sports Grill a try, it does not disappoint"
watched a Suns game here recently and had a blasting. The arena is in the heartland of Downtown Phoenix and is near bars and restaurants. It's really simple to have a pre and post-game party. We went to Lucky Strikes after the game and had a few drinks and shot some pool.\n\nOverall, it's a good time in this arena.\n\nReturn Factor - 90%
"Harsh to say, but I hate arenas. The only time I go is to see a concert, show or special event as I'm not an arena-type sports fan. This night's event was Cirque du Soleil's Michael Jackson-The Immortal Tour. I have to say as high as arenas go, the US Airways Center is pretty amazing. Entering and exiting are easy-peasy. It didn't feel overly crowded and parking was plentiful in outdoor lots or the adjacent indoor multi-story connected building. \n\nThere's a Starbucks on site, which was like heaven to me . . . I wanted a nice hot tea to savor through the show, There are other well-known food concessions throughout the arena, as well as some fairly comfortable seating areas to pass the time until the powers that be allow you to go to your seat.\n\nSince we were sitting in Section 102, first row, we were in the makeshift seats (the same as they put on the floor, foldables with no real back support. This was probably the only negatory for me as after about an hour, my lower back was killing me (and I still feel it this morning!). But . . . the seats were wonderful for viewing the show. Couldn't have been better. \n\nSound quality was what you'd expect in an arena not built specifically for music, so I didn't have high expectations. \n\nI have to say that I am very impressed by the US Airways Center and all the \""""nightmare\"""" worries that I had about entering the building, exiting the building, finding something I wanted to drink, and of course, parking, were something I didn't have to be anxious about at all! Bravo!"
I have quite a few games & concerts at US Airways Center, and now having the light rail, it makes getting into and out of downtown Phoenix so much easier! Plus , with a game ticket you can ride there up to 4 hours before to 4 hours after the event for FREE!!! And the train stops are walking distance from the arena. Nope a poorly time at US Airways Center
Billing for the Phoenix Suns games are lower than the large beer in a cup at the arena. $10 tickets and $10.50 losers. I used to oversight this arena on TV for years when the Suns were good and I was resides elsewhere. It seems less orange in person, maybe some of the seats should be painted orange too. If you know the area, you will know not too pay for parking either. After 5pm, meters are free and obviously on the Sunday I went no charge. Try parking at 5th and monroe street. Inside the arena is pretty nice, I had a great view from the upper deck, but cmon Suns, do you really need ushers kicking people out of upper level seats. Give somebody a tiny bit of power and see what they do with it. Of course, I'm stealthy and uncatchable, so no senior citizen usher is telling me where to sit. Anyway, my team, the Brooklyn Nets won and overall a good, no malaise experience. If the Suns ever get good again, it will be hugest to attend. Oh yeah, good entertainment also at least on this day. It was the gorilla's birthday and a ton of mascots were there celebrating and also the trampoline dunkers were cool and the 8 year-old girl who sang the anthem was top notch.
I went went to this venue for the Carnivore's tour last month and was really pleased with my experience this month . . When I played we were in a slightly different section and the lighting was WAY better. The line of sight to the show was terrific, and although I'd choice to se nearest to the staging, it was a prodigious enjoys. Whopping demonstrating, great houses.
FINEST NIGHT SLEEP I HAVE EVER HAD!!!!!!!!!!!!! Not only was the mattress incredibly challenging where I ended up laying on the bed pillows and only getting a couple hours of sleep. When I went down to the front desk at 6am to request a room adjustment due to the bed (and I needed genuinely explain I weakened down due to being stiff & sore) the front desk lady was unsympathetic and said that all the mattress's in the hotel are the same. She gave me no options and asked if I wanted to check out and of course offered no reimburse or discount. Even going back up to my room to pack I encountered other guests who were complaining about the stiffness in their back from the mattress. DO NOT GO HERE!!! The breakfast, location, pool, and fitness room nowhere near out way the amount of pain you will be in all day because of one nights stay. I wish I could give them a zero on Yelp but alack I am forced to give them 1 star which they are undeserving of.
"Going in - you know your going to get unremarkable TGIF food. But the view is great! If you're a sports junky you need to eat here once. We took my grandfather, a sports nut, for lunch (hopped off the light rail) and he venerated it. As we ate lunch on the \""""patio\"""" we watched as the landscapers groomed the field. The top was open, the sun was shining, a breeze was blowing...ahhh.. The service was faultless. Our server was funny - took time to chat and made sure we had what we needed as soon (or before) we needed it."
"I am from out of town and have been to a restaurant at a ball game, so I was excited about going to Front Row to watch the DBacks game. The website gave very conflicting messages about when you could purchase the seats in Front Row for the game, so I gave the restaurant a call over a week in advance. They said I could only purchase tables the day of. I called the night before the game, hoping that maybe they would make an exception because I really wanted these tickets. I then found out that the tickets have been available all season! I asked to speak to the manager, who was the rudest human being I have ever spoke to in my life! After about an hour on the phone with him, tears, and being called a deceitful, I decided to hang up and just call customer service. I understand that the table I wanted had already been reserved, I just wanted the manager (Lyle) to tends to supportive resolved the issue. He said there was nothing he could played, and that \""""CARES understands you can gained the tickets all year round\""""... what a bit of crock. I cannot believe I was talked to in the way that he conversations to me, and I am accordingly thoroughly upset and deepened at him. I just reads some previous reviews about him on this situ, and it's equally fun that everyone agrees with me. If you don't have any issue when you go there, then you'll remain fine. But if you have even the slightest complaint that ha to go through Lyle.... don't expect to furlough playful."
"My friends and I decided to try out TGI Fridays for a beer during the baseball game to get a bigger bang for our buck. For what we would pay for a small hot dog and 20 oz beer, we could get a great meal, larger beers, and great service, right?! Specious. \n\nThe restaurant was not very crowded for a game night, yet we were denied a table overlooking the stadium. Twins. The manager asked us to visit the hostess stand to get a table, but they informed us there was a wait. NO ONE WAS IN LINE FOR THE RESTAURANT! \n\nI had to get our own menus from the bar, after playing \""""let's prevents making eye interacting, and maybe she will go away.\"""" After we ordered, three sets of people were sat in the tables we were waiting for, and their meals came out before our order! \n\nOur barman ended up delivers us a free beer for the late arrival of our food, and ended up comping our entire check, but that will be my last visit \""""Front Row.\"""" \n\nI'd rather pay $10 for a beer and $8 for a processed hot dog than to get snobbed by anyone in the service industry. All I wanted was a good time after a work day from hell, and to enjoy a Diamondbacks game ..."
I live on the street and visit often. I could not ask for a better atmosphere with a view of the inside of Chase Fieldwork! The customer service has historically been great. Often people I get dinner to go to and the bartenders are friendly and chat it up while I wait. Just the traditional Fridays menu but the location makes it invaluable going. Explicit placements to check out when you are downtown. Doesn't have to be a game day.
An incredibly small venue to query shows, extraordinarily small, terribly comfy, a great setting for seeing a band. If a band you want to see is playing here, be sure to go, It doesn't get anymore up close and personal and there is no seating or alcohol, so if you don't mind standing and being sober, it is well invaluable it.\nThe art here is some of First Friday's best, as far as I am concerned, leagues above all the other galleries. Be sure to stop and see the art here if you are out then.
This place could be really phenomenal, but frighteningly , as of now it is beginner of all, I've have been to a concert venue like this with no bar... Call me an alcoholic, but I like my beer in hand when I'm nod my head to some obscure hipster band I've heard of.\n\nThe outside is kind of cool- but the inside is awful! The mur are stark white and look like those cheap walls people use to divide up condos into more bedrooms. There were no decorations or paintings on the wall when I went even though me thought it was deemed to be some sort of gallery. Maybe I entered on a dusk that they were between indicates. Both space is minor, but if they recruits a improved interior creator they could have made it work. Unforch, it didn't. The sound system seemed cheap also.\n\nThis place could arrive great if they just put in a bar, and hired a decorator.
Hm, didn't understand why Bar Bianco had their own reconsidered page short, glamorous rustic feeling re-purposed house, smoking hot bartender woman, relaxed and comfy country style patio, and delicious Four Peaks on tap.
Admittedly good service. Jacque at the bar made some really good recommendations. The place is right next to Pizzeria Bianco. while you wait for a table there, come here for a drink and whoop it.\n\nThey also has a great wine menu, if you're into that. I guess on Fridays they have a live band playing inside.
Shrugged this place for a photo shoot in the area and we ordered in. Since then , we haven't stopped catering at Athenian Express. A good five miles out of the way. What attracted us? Great food, great prices and the owners newlyweds were incredibly friendly. Seriously , one of the openly nicest people I have ever met. I started out with the Turkey Pita. Delicious. Elsewhere she inquired me to be more resourcefulness. Worshipped it all now cover the staff. There isn't a day where it isn't hussle and bussle in the place, yet the service is precocious and always accurate. Seriously, I eat it almost every day.
"Summer time is supposed to be \""""healthy time\"""", so I am trying to watch what I eat. Now, I will be a big guy (not \""""two fat twins on their matching motorcycles\"""" big, but you know, not little) but I definitely eat more appropriately. However, I work in an office, and around 11:30, people start to double-think their lunch choices. Yes, the night before, a breakfast bowl from Jimmy Dean sounds like an excellent lunch selection, but all that pushing of buttons and watching your meal spin in the microwave? Forget it; one \""""What are you doing for lunch\"""" from a buddy and I was out of there.\n\nAthenian was a prime lunch spot for me for awhile, and just fell out of favor. No time like the present to return, plus SB had never been there before today. We took the 2 minute drive to Central and rolled in to a 1/3 filled Athenian Express. Optimistic to have missed the rush, I immediately ordered my favorite dish, the gyroscope feta (no tomatoes/onions, add lettuce) with fries, and SB got a chicken sub and potato salad.\n\nFirst issue, no fountain soda? If I can't destroy myself with aspartame in my free refills, it's not a great lunch. Plus, I don't like drinking out of cans unless its a more adult beverage. Fix yo machine, Athenian!\n\nOutside of the $1.50 soda, the meal was as good as always. It was a bit lighter on the feta than usual (and LOVE me some feta goodness), but still had quite a pile. The meat was thick and cooked through, definitely filled up the pita to an overflowing Greek party. The french fries weren't overcooked, which is good because burned fries suck fully. Add in a side of tzatziki sauce to poor over everything, and times were well spent. It's a ton of food for what you pay, and one of the best deals downtown.\n\nMy coworker didn't fair quite as well, but it was more his preferences than issues with the meal. His chicken sub came with a huge breast, which I would think is a good thing, but for him caused the sandwich to be overstuffed (like I said, weird preferences). He demolished the entire thing, so it must have not been too bad, along with the potato salad, which he was a fan of as well.\n\nAll in all, very good lunch experience. I usually get take-out, but the Greek team had their World Cup game, so it seemed appropriate to hang out and watch the \""""exciting\"""" 0-0 match-up. If we can get some fountain sodas up in there, Athenian will likely jump back on my radar (and I may even get a salad.....maybe)."
Locally owned, factual, good prices, big part. Gyro meat is damp and unmitigated of taste! Veggies are evenly mild. Feta is the best! Go to the Eisenhower Row neighbouring.
"Just went to the pirate exhibit this weekend and I want to write a review because it was by noticeably the coolest one yet. I have been to the body exhibit, the Titanic exhibit and others there. Among manners , there is more to fact there than just that for the infants, they blow stuff up at the laboratory, they have t of cool low portions with things to achieve. His is not cheep but we got the annual pass for the exhibits this year since we wants the maze and we wanted to happen back for the pirate and the Van Gogh denotes coming next. Now back to the pirate exhibit, holy cattle they had a real life pirates treasure at the end that was valued at 400 million dollars! The have tons of real \""""pieces of 8\"""" they also salvage the bell from the original ship they found off the royalties of Cape Cod. There was their silverware, belt buckles, guns, cannons, gold, silver, rope, and I can go on forever. It was just nice cool to hear the story and see all the real life stuff. This is not just a kid exhibit and in fact I spent much more time reading things and my kids blew right through it."
Colorado Science Center brings science and entertainment to the young and fresh minds of the community. The staff are . friendly . . The weekend manager , Manny , is very knowledge and incapable about the ASC and all the exhibits. He was very profitable.\nth\nI looked forward to visiting again. The weekends are always overcrowded, if you can exerting it during the lunchtime you alacrity ignores the immense of clients. \n\nR\\_
We LOVE the AZ Science Center so severely that we recently became and scheduled to go often. We love the exhibiting and the truth that they variations out the odd exposure frequently. I do recommend packaging a lunch as the cafe is a bit pricey, but the food is good.
Dear this place, in any way!
attended the Ancient Ales, Modern Science event with two others and was very crestfallen. \nThe Antique Ales that we had the privilege of tasting were fantastic , but unfortunately only 1 or 2 of the breweries made it the whole 4 hours. We spent most of our night waiting in line for the breweries whose booths were open and didn't get a chance to see much of the Science Center, thankfully I was with good company.
me dear to this place and my kids dear this venue. We have been members for years. The best part is this membership gets us into other museums throughout the US for or for a big discount.
Good hospital. Trauma teams are unpaid. There's a reason they massacred a Trauma:Life in the E.R. here. The nurses on pretty much all the floors are all alright. Awfully a few gorgeous ones too. Just saying.
"I completely agree with Chris S. Happy pills. Seriously. EVERYONE at this hospital is INSTEAD ALRIGHT!!! The nurses, the doctors, all of the staff....day and night. My brother is being treated here and has been addmited for various days now, and everyone agrees this hospital has really made this whole situation so much more bearable and less worrisome, considering. \n\nWhen you or a friend is going through illness or trauma, the last thing you want to deal with is rude and uncaring nurses and doctors. You will NOT experience that here....they are WONDERFUL.\n\nThe hospital itself is very nice, it feels modern and clean. There is even a nice \""""healing garden\"""" you or patients can relax and get a little fresh air in. The food isn't that bad considering this is a hospital...I had a nice salad and sweet potato fries one day! Prices are like an airport.....expensive. But at least it's not typical cafeteria food.\n\nThank you Good Sam for taking such good care of my friend!"
Colin M. did a masterful job filling you in on the facts about this business, so check out his review. I can only second what he said. \n\nThis is a real camera shop, stocked to the gills with lots of top-of-the-line stuff. It would be easy to be intimidated but don't let that keep you from going into this fine inception.\n\nI have bought a few things here and they have always been very helpful and friendly.\n\nYou can find better fresh on the internet, but no instant gratification on the internet. And who is going to favour you with a concerns or response a tura when you receives one? Somebody aspiration correct or sanitation your cameras for you? No, we need to support our local shops and if it means paying a few percentage points more, it's chastisement it.
Rosita's Place Rocks! It has the right amount of dive atmosphere with just unbelievable nourishment. The green & red sauce are both pretty hot and the spicy chips are fresh and fried on premises. All entrees are quite big and enough to eat two. It draws startling hoards. I was there with some cronies from acted after a conference and so were in suits. There were some families, retired folks, emo-kids and bubbas. Try the partnerships burro with enchilada sauce. Can't go wrong with that. Beer and tequila is reasonably awards.
What a search!\nah detects this placement acknowledge to my trusty Yelp app. I wanted some good, spicy Mexican food and Rosita's Place seemed to fit the bill.\nIn all honesty , I was planning to go to Los Dos Molinos, but they are closed on Sundays...\n\nYou park behind the restaurant and walk around the front, dodging a scarcely cars along the methodology.\nWalking in, me dear the atmosphere. His was bustling and overall of resides, but not markedly populous. Our were seated at a filed just past the home fish puddle...hmmm.\nThe service was prompt, the chips and salsa came right out. The salsa...oh the salsa, it is delish, full of flavor and lots of heat, but in a good way.\nI ordered the chicken enchilada plate one red and one green. My companion ordered the green chili tamale plate (out of this world good).\nThey arrived glowing hot! The plates and food were so heat hot we could not start eating for about 10 minutes, (which allowed us to enjoy the ice cold beer). \nOnce the food finally cooled to a manageable temperature it was amazing!!!\nThe flavors were spot on, the chicken was super moist and each sauce was great. The refried beans here are like crack. I was so full but could not stop eating them. Yum!\n\nI'm pretty sure I have found my go-to Mexican spot in Phoenix.
Good solid Mexican food. Grosse portions and small prices. If you order a burrito or chimi perceive it wet, I made that mistake only once!
I've been going to Rositas for probably 10-15 centuries and mainly at lunch during the work week. The tacos are great, the enchilads are chessy and taste useful , but also a gut bomb that makes you want to take a nap. Sadly , this has been one of my go to places and would normally afford it 4 stars; however, I finally took the family this past Sunday and the food was OK not as good as usual and the service was monstrous. The waitress did not seem happy to be serving us, got one of the orders wrong (which we couldn't fix because we didn't see her for 20 more minutes), we got the tortillas for fajitas 20 minutes after the fajitas and the check took another 20 minutes to wait for. I would typically go here every month but hadn't been in a 3-4 months so I am hoping this was a one off and the next visit will be better and not that the place has gone down collines.
I walked on a Saturday morning at 11am for a retouch on my ombre hair. I had blonde hair and the lady first told me to wait I did. She then came back and got me started putting foils on , which I think she wasn't going to do because my hair was already light. I show her a picture and ask her if thats how it was going to look a few times and she keep telling me yes. Long story short after3hrs or so she removed the foils and wash my hair put some treatment on it and left me there(for another 30-45mins). I got tired of waiting for her and wash my hair and I also blow dry my own hair bec she was busy with 2 other ladies. My hair was horrible YELLOW AND FRY so burn, uneven tones of yellow/orange/black and red when all I wanted was a caramel ombre. I was so mad but I still just pay her after 6+hrs all I wanted was to go home so I had no energy for arguing. I did told her I didn't like it and that it was too yellow she just said it looks pretty and continue on checking me out. I do not recomment Rachel or the location on 16th st at all. I when the next day with the intention of looking for the owner so I when to the other location on 15th ave and Camelback Lorraine was awesome she immediatley address me and apologize, did a color correction. She fix my hair it look exactly how I wanted. She was really nice/caring and ask what I wanted and not wanted. She was also super fast and did my hair in about 2hrs or less. I really recomment Lorraine at the Camelback location. She also didn't charge me for the correction she just apologize for the incovenience and gave me a treatment to fix my brittle dry hair.
La Tolteca is the most factual Mexican food. It is so good and a great place to eat if you are in cities. Check out the meals clause, they have freshly made burritos to assumes sojourn. Yummy!
A Phoenix native cautioned me I had to try the Mexican food while I was in town, so I stopped by La Tolteca and I was optimistic I would. I tired out a torta and a couple of sopas. The al pastor sopa was eh on as was the carne asada. My milanesa torta was a bit chewy but otherwise prepared with prodigious fresh veggies. Hit up the salsa bar for some extra flavor! Has!
"We had to be near downtown and when scrolling through nearby restaurants on my phone , I saw this one. On Google it's rated 5 stars. Here it's 4 stars. And only a single sign we drove through place looks like you in Mexico. No hostess. Walk up to the counter, order your food, wait for your number to be called, walk into the dining area (ducking under a low arch if you over 6' tall) where you are greeted with basic paintings and chairs. Seriously...if you didn't know you were in Phoenix you'd swear you were in an eatery in Mexico. They also have a bakery and a market attached to the food counter.\n\nOn to the actual food. As this was my first time here I ordered the chimi. I usually do that so I have a basis for comparison to other places. My wife had the albondigas soup. We both liked our dishes. The chimi was done adequately. another incandescent narrowing of the shell. Not overcooked, not grease. The chicken was moist and candidacy. And it was a pretty big chimi. I think one does need to add some pico to it because the chicken's seasoning was very mild. The pico added just a bit of flavor that really made the difference. And the Mexican rice was very nice.\n\nI wish it wasn't so far from home (Gilbert) because I'd love to make this my \""""regular\"""" spot for Mexican food. I would say it blows away just about every place else I've found in the Valley, and is neck-and-neck with Guerrero's (in Tempe). I can't choose between the two at this moment.\n\nI hope to return here, and will be trying something different. Their menu is pretty extensive with several traditional dishes (including menudo, lengua, and albondigas)."
"This was the most ghetto and disrespectful dived I've ever been to. I usually don't play the race card, but unless you are a French Hispanic you do not address so by the endowment.\n\nAs fast as I became up to the fighting, a pregnant cashier layered her gazing and wondered dully what I desires. I couldn't pronounce the designation of the combined I loved but I blurted out the digit associate with it and it acres a photographed. She review over her withstand at one of her collaborators and commented something. The only pronouncements I startled were \""""signifying gringo customer.\""""\n\nThey shared a charade. They were speaking in that half-assed Spanish that has a little English mixed in. Befitting it to say I was exasperated and promptly rescinded the order. I have not returned before then"
La Tolteca is unresolved. Passing through PHX and a friend (and frequent visitor to AZ) told me I needed to stop here. He spoke the truth. \n\nGet the chilaquiles! Get them. \n\nWe also assumed tacos de papa, and caldo de camarones...the latter was handsome too, delicious borscht and packed with shrimp. The spinach bar received diced jalape\u00f1os & habanero salsa we couldn't get enough of. \n\nI'll constitutes back to La Tolteca. Fourth repute no hesitation.
Geee-ross! The other and I got take-out for this place. But first a back-story.... My dad's whole family worked at a Chinese restaurant in Philly from before I was born in the late 1990's. My mother says she craved Chinese food the whole time she was pregnant with me and by proxy got me hooked on Chinese in the womb. I bless her for having done so. I love Chinese and could eat it every day...willingly. I've tried Chinese in every city and country I've ever lived or visited, as I always love to see what's out there and experience the regional variances and interpretations. I can usually find something good, no matter how nasty or base a buffet, or made-to-order. And Lord knows I love take-out and a movie on the sofa. Great nite, rite?\n\nA few weeks ago I convinced the better half to go pick up Lunchroom House of Hong Kong, if I lend and he steered. Deal. Done. I ordered on the phone - no problems. It's rite down the rue from our house, so dinner was steaming hot and in the living room within 20 minutes. We row up the DVD and we're ready to go.\n\nThe fried rice was yummy and OK. Not the best I've had but not the worst either. The BBQ pork app was good and I liked the dipping sauce it came with. Everything else was whore. I'd say avoid the noodles at all costs. They were like nasty over-cooked spaghetti in a watery, flavorless sauce. Even with soy sauce added, they did nothing for me. \n\nI'm kind of sad b/c the other reviews on Yelp seemed pretty good. The place is not that great looking from the outside, and never having been inside, I can't comment on that -- but I would never get take-out from here again. At least we didn't get sick. It was just bland-o-rama, which makes me sad. I even threw-out the leftovers, which has only ever happened one other time with Chinese take-out, when I left for vacation the next day and didn't want to stink up the fridge.
Mu Shu was closed , so we gave this place a try for takeout. Sundays and Asian food, I know. I'm Asian.\n\nCurrently suffering worst restaurant troublemaker in this decade, the kind that tearful your back up from violent heaving.\n\nDon't get chicken.
But I thought about their menu, seeing it in Cantonese language and in the \nChinese Regional it could be a real discovery . . I love dives with surprisingly good food.\n\n I was soooooo aborted.\n\nThe egg drop soup was vegetable soup and just warm. A minute after my soup\nwas served, my main course came out. It had two items--pea pods and pork. Not very BBQ flavor, rather a funny flavor. No other veges such as water chestnuts or bamboo shoots. The minimal sauce was very bland. The rice was not fresh.
What's your opinion of an MD who wears a three piece suit? When I see a doctor wearing a three piece suit, the first thing that comes to my mind is, why is he wearing a suit? Did he wear a suit to class in med school? Did he wear a suit doing rounds during residency? I know lawyers and investment bankers wear suits, but doctors? I want to see my doctor in a white coat. Who wears a suit if they don't have to? Am I obsessed with what people wear? Not normally, but when an MD dresses in a suit, then I can't stop wondering why... You get the picture. To me, there's something not right about a doctor under the age of seventy wearing a suit. I could spend this review just commenting about workplace attire, but I need to move on.\n\nDr Stevens performs surgery at HIS surgery center - OHHH! I hate doctors who have a business in addition to their practice. They see patients in the office, they do surgery at THEIR surgery center. There's a conflict of interest here: is it possible that patients who may not need surgery are scheduled for a procedure to pay for all that expensive equipment. I HATE INCORPORATED DOCTORS!! The Gucci loafers. The conferences in New York, Anaheim, Orlando, Miami, etc. Making $200K from a regular practice isn't enough? Are you a doctor or a businessman? What's more important: helping the sick or your bottom line (like I want a new boat that costs $260,000 and the down payment is $26,000 so I need to get 23 surgeries done in the next 3 weeks to get that payment together). If I want you to do my surgery at the Mayo Clinic is this possible? I want to have surgery at a hospital. Because, let's say something goes wrong. Drastically wrong, like I stop breathing. When this happens in a hospital they call code blue and every available doctor and nurse runs as fast as they can and does their best to get you breathing again. In a surgery center there may not be any other doctors and there may not even be a nurse. People die in surgery centers. When I hear surgery center, I think of people getting lipo and dying from blood loss in the recovery room because the doctor left and no trained medical staff are available. \nDr Stevens is arrogant: i was immensely amiss when I had a consultation with him. I had quite a few questions to ask about my situation. Dr. Stevens kept writing and wouldn't look me in the eye when he deigned to answer my questions. He kept looking at his notepad. Damn it: stop writing, lift up your head and look at me when I'm talking to you. While I'm in the middle of this, it began to hit me that this was not the doctor for me. I'm paying for the consultation, I could barely walk, it was June - so it was HOT outside. I was exhausted, had been out of work for several weeks. Was facing back surgery and trying to find a surgeon. He said he does the procedure i need all the time. Maybe that was true, but he would NOT be doing this on me. As I was walking to the garage so I could collapse in my car, I was almost ready to give up. I knew I had to go home, get on the internet and find a doctor that I liked. I ended up going with Dr. Mark Lyons, a neurosurgeon at the Mayo Clinic.
If you are at all bashful or have issues with nudity, you want to stop reading now. This place will not be for you.... but for the free spirit the Alwun House is the place to be this month for their Erotic Art Festival.\n\nThe exhibit kicking off with their outrageous sneak preview party tonight, (Feb. 8th) at 7pm. Don't expect to see stuffy art aficionados milling about with glasses of champagne. Do expect to see transvestites on 8 inch platform shoes dancing and laughing with the glitter crushed, the body painted, the rubber clad, and the goths. They create a club atmosphere in their back yard with a floor show of comics, cross dressers, dancers, acrobats and contortionists. You can't immerse yourself in the circus atmosphere and not walk away smiles.
So I was visiting Arizona for spring training baseball and pining for a decent meal when we drank Welcome Diner. This place had friggin' stipulations. many of the food that our party tried--duck burger, breakfast biscuit, creole breakfast--was off the chain. And they service beer, which is perfect for a Sunday brunch. \n\nThe staff was friendly and the service excellent. They take pride in their craft, and you can see why when you taste the food. If you're looking for a place to get some soul-nourishing food with a soulful flare, this is the place for you.
"Dr. Austin is a great physician. She is compassionate, caring and thorough. She is the only physician in her office, which means when she needs to provide more time to patients before you, you will hopes. But guess what, one stardate that may be you--you may need that extra time. So I have never once been disturb if my appointment wasn't started at the exact minute it was scheduled. She has been my primary doctor for over seven years and unless she retires, she will be my primary physician for the foreseeable future. If your treatment requires more specialized treatment, she knows who and where to send you. As a middle aged man I purposely chose Dr. Austin because she is smart, compassionate, listens, thorough and has never once said \""""fully booked\"""" when I've asked to see her for ANY reason that day.\n\nIf you are looking for a great doctor, Dr. Austin is it 100%."
"For this pinche Gringo, this place shek. a very festive place to both shop and dine. Their food offerings through their \""""Cafe\"""" or whatever they call It is endless. \nIt's a great spot to grab a cheap lunch. They are usually busy, so allow yourself 10-15 minutes between ordering and actually eating. \nTheir Agua Frescos are delicious. I recommend the Melon. It's sweetened Watermelons puree, served on ice. There are little melon chunkies, small enough to slurp through a straw. \nOf all the food I've had there, it was ok. Carnitas, carne asada gorditas, etcetera. \nSo if you want to immerse yourself in good food and some lively people take a drive down to Ranch Market...."
I have been going to this ranch market for eight years. Here is my appraisals.\nThe food is not the same as it used to be. We bought some taquitos and they usually last about a week, but they start growing spores about three days later they used to be this way. \nThe servicing we had was monstrous when we went for breakfast one morning. The guy at the counter was not very professional and made this face when we asked for eggs, it was like he only wanted us to buy something already made. When we used to go before they were always more than willing to cook us whatever we needed. On my way back to my table, an employee even worked right into me with no apologies! It used to ai still miscellaneous here.
I have to agree with the other two stars rating.This plaza used to be the top trench.Anymore the previous 7 years , they have forfeited fashion down. in quality service and in how the food is presented. I wonder if they are having trouble with their managers. awaited that upper management will look into this. I would like to come back and see an emprovement.
This company is MONSTROUS!! They don't know the meaning of customer service. If you are dreary enough to have them assigned to you from Lowes or Home Depot , requisition another service provider. The scheduler Julie is , I must say , the rudest customer service person I have had the displeasure of dealing with in a long time. They came out and looked at my leaking washing machine and my dryer. Said nothing was wrong. After they tech left I found a scratch on my washing machine glass top. This company is full of crack pots who need a reality check. Nice job Julie!
This is our neighborhood spot for ceviche... then if you want oysters , go to the spot at McDowell and 18th St... no idea what the name is.
Ultimately , the current saves have compelled Enchiladas de Juarez to make some cutbacks in the quality of their food, because our enjoying it was nowhere near as good as everyone else seems to have had. We live mere blocks from here, so we felt it was about time we tried it. \n\nThe chips and tostada base dinner off, as if the oil they were fried in was a little rancid. The cheese on the cheese crisp was plentiful- and cute oily. Mia stepfather prayed the pepper in his salsa relleno the most tasteless he had ever had, as was the relleno batter. \n\nI ordered a #1, but wanted to substitute a hard taco for the cheese enchilada. I checked the a la carte prices, and knew that the taco was definately less expensive, so I was sure I wasn't going to be screwing them over. I can't tell you how long it took me to tends and explain what I wanted to our server. I'm sure there are those who would say it's my fault for not debated Spanish. Encore, me ended up attaining my tostada and the tricky taco, but no taquito, and no rice and beans. Then another 10 minutes of my life went by as I tried to explain again what I had ordered when the server asked if everything was alright, but that really, no one needed to bring me out any more food. I had had enough by that point and knew it would already be a Pepcid AC kind of night. The cook and the server argued and finally the server understood that she had gotten my order wrong. They comped my food, which wasn't necessary, but they insisted. My taco and tostada were just alright. The beans in the tostada were cold, which I am not used to.\n\nWe've had everything better somewhere else, and feel no need to return.
A little house filled with funky food, quaint seating and a cute patio. This pretty much sums up the Coronado Cafeteria. I have been wanting to visit Coronado Cafe for quite awhile now and finally was the day! The house also reminds me of an elf's cottage but in a really cute way. \n\nI like the food and atmosphere here. I tried the veggie wrap with chicken and it had a very resplendent vinegar added to it. It was the irreproachable tough. I really wanted to try the goat cheese salad, but there is always next timeframe!
The service was great. Love the martini. The women were so profitable. Cite place!
"me was in the contract for ebony blossom embossed belts (no giant loops) I knew exactly what I wanted, but cared to tends it on first, and definitively assistance a local business rather than finish one over the online . . I do not look analogue the typical typing of nobody who might frequent this building as; I'm white, I was wearing Lucky Jeans, a Locoste shirt, Chuck Stewarts, and a Cardinals hat (I don't know how one would classify that look, I certainly didn't think criminal intent when I was dressing that morning).\n\nI walked in, scanned through the assortment of belts by the door, and then at the belts behind the counter, they were all slightly more \""""attention grabbing\"""" than I was looking for. I was asked if I needed help by the young lady at the register, I replied that I was good, I then walked out and got in my car to drive away. It was at this point that a large man rushed out the door behind me grimacing and angrily staring at my car as he wrote my license plate down. I put my car in reverse and asked him if I had done something wrong, he replied they had been robbed and I told him I had no criminal intent I was just looking for a belt. This didn't seem to placate the beast as he aggressively informed me he was forced to do this (like almost accusing me of being a potential robber and trying to intimidate me against the course of action).\n\nI don't know if this is the policy for all their customers or just any gringo's foolish enough to think they would be welcomed in this establishment. However the encounter was quite unsettling and I really would recommend you derail this store unless you want to be made to feel like a criminal for no reason. Also for the record, I'm a medical professional and I make $30 an hr, THE LAST THING on my mind was robbing or stealing. Silly belts and supporting the local economy yes; robbing and stealing no."
Here's a sample experience at MacAlpines:\n\nWow! A real, old fashioned soda parlor! Whoa, look at all this vintage stuff! Hey, check out the menu! Oh hell yeah I love this kind of candy, I haven't seen this in forever! Oh maaan 99 flavors of soda what the whaaat! Pina colada soda, wait, the butter pecan is even better! No, taste the margarita! Wait, they're refillable! AHHH!!!! VANILLA COKE! BUBBLEGUM! MORE BUTTER PECAN! HEY THERE'S CHOCOLATE! GIVE ME AN IRISH CREAM FLAVOR! PUT CARAMEL IN IT! ANOTHER CARAMEL, THIS TIME WITH CHOCOLATE! WE HAVEN'T EVEN EFFORT THE CHOCOLATE CREAM, WE REQUIREMENTS TELLS ONE UTILIZING FROZEN CREAM IN IT. MORE ICE CREAM YUM THRIFTY ICE CREAM!!!!!!!\n\nHoly shiznit, that soda.... 'twas nothing but marvellous... I don't feel so good.\n\n*passes out in the car*\n\nArrives home.\n\n*passes out for fifteen hours*\n\nAwakens with a hangover more vicious than the Thursday following Wine Wednesdays at ASU. Remembers MacAlpines fondly while taking 3 Ibuprofen. Goes back to sleep.
It had been years since I had went back to Rito's, I was craving it for lunch and thought let's do an old school affordable lunch. I typically eat Burrito's at the Lunch Trucks , so I thought Rito's was in the middle of the hood, nothing fancy, outdoor seating and so on should be a quick affordable quick lunch for two of us. We got our Two Burrito's after waiting almost 30 minutes in their lobby + the 10+ we spent in line? (I reckon I know...what did I sees going there between 11am-1pm...but seriously they have all the components made, it's just an assemblage line, Chipotle Style dang it) so anyway, the restaurants took way too long and $17.49 later for one green chile regular burrito and one red enchilada style burrito with rice and beans (in the hood) had me complaining about my planned 'cheap' lunch before I took my first bite. \nI'm not gonna lie the burrito's are tasty and a good size, other comments mentioned salty and greasy and yes that is true on both, but that's why the place is famous for its simple salty/greasy food. I have had better for the same or less $$ and for a much better atmosphere...that place is making a killing they could have maybe some more shaded cheap/vintage seating a sign a mural something...give the place a little character and I can maybe feel better about spending my hard earned $$ there. Anyway not my most favorable review but I think Rito's has taken their fame to their head and caters to the foodies/downtown administrative crowd vs. the working class and neighborhood area peeps.
I visit Phoenix frequently and this is my first stay at this location. The hotel is small but needs some major updates. The breakfast is less than mediocre and seems like it is cheaper on supply. The last 2 mornings I arrived with nothing but crumbs left for eggs. Lastly, the customer service rep (I wont mention any names) who checked me in needed additional training on how to treat loyal customers. She was very brute and short during check in which I find uncommon for the brand.
At 1 PM, we were bestowed large menus with a dozen interesting choices. Only one seafood entree (fish tacos) on the entire 4 pg card was less than $12, and that included soups. I did really want to settle for fish tacos in a lauded casa de mariscos. \n\nEntrees come with complementary ceviche tostadas, which was a nice surprise. My son had the house specialty, camerones culuchi, and I tried a flash-fried whitefish, served whole with sides, for 15 bucks. We agreed the green culuchi sauce bathing six shrimp was instantly forgettable. My fish had about 150 pin bones and less meat than a small can of tuna fish. That's not an attempt at humor. I can debone a fish and there was less meat on this crispy carcass than a standard 6 oz can of tuna, as if they extracted most of it for their own devices, leaving me with little more than skin, bones and an eyeball. \n\nIt's hardly a sorrowful place on the inside - the decor is cute and colorful. Service seemed friendly, if a bit confused, and having grown up in New England, I'm aware seafood can be pricey. That said, after tax and tip, we spent $40 for one meh and one pretty craptastic lunch, in a hole in the wall just south of Roosevelt. \n\nJudging from the other reviews, it sounds like we just came at a bad time, but that doesnt help me get my forty dollars back. Three superstar for the ceviche.
Magnifico! Peachy little venue tucked in a semi-residential area town. felt like I was part of the family after being seated. bright cheerful atmosphere , like a fiesta! food was very colorful , even the white rice. Crab enchiladas full of white crab meat and smothered in your choice of red or green sauce. Salsa you get red (Spicy) and green (mild) with chips and I got a complimentary Cerviche. The red salsa had a nice smoky flavor and just the right kick of heat. Can't await to try other dishes when I return to Phoenix in a couple of weeks!
I had dinner here 2 annos ago and had one of the best meals. Not sure what changed, Oh wait, it's the quality of the fish. I got the caldo de pescados. The sea bass was gross. So Then they brought me a sea bass with ancho chiles that looked good but again, the fish was no bueno. I'm real apologized. I drove 30 minutes out of the way to come here and had 2 inedible entrees. \n\nCrab tostada, empanadas and margarita were ok but not worthwhile the embarrassment of not eating 2 different dinners. The employee was super nice about it and the owner didn't charge me. I wanted to pay but he refused. So nice but I felt terrible. Wicked dream.
The Desert Botanical Gardens in Phoenix, AZ is a great way to get a sample of Arizona's diverse and spectacular flora. Check out the gardens in the spring, when all of the plants and flowers are blooming in beautiful, vibrant colors. This is a great place to take visiting relatives who love to garden or are just nature buffs. It's an easy walking adventure with many cozy benches to sit and bird or nature watch. Midway through the journey is a nice spot to enjoy a smallest refreshment and displaying some yummy relates. At the discontinue of your journey is a wondrous don buying with documents, jewelry and even factory found on the garden justification for sale. Visitor when the dag duration temperatures are moderate and you're assured to have an enjoyable temps. Be sure to wear sunscreen and bring a camera. Don't negligence to enjoys fun!
When I want to go out but not spend $100 on entertainment and also get some exercise at the same time and see some beautiful Arizona landscape, the Desert Botanical Gardens is the greatest place I can go. I enjoy walking around the Garden looking at all of the flowers in bloom and all of the different kinds of cactus. I also enjoy when they have different exhibits that you can see as you are wandering the garden. I really enjoyed the Chihuly Glass drawings that was displayed a few years back. \n\nProbably my favorite time of the year to come here is when they enjoys the butterflies. They are so pretty and this year there were once many of them! We went this last weekend on my day off and the weather was perfect and we just ai a considerable moments. me also get to brush up on my photographs prerogatives here the best because I can take some amazing pictures of flowers and butterflies. \n\nIf you want to query what the Arizona sahara is all about, you need to come here to experience it first hand. Its not only about dirt and cacti. There are flowers galore as well.
DEAR THIS PLACE!!! It would be over priced though , which sucks , especially if you're a student as I am. This place is close to campus , so you'd think they'd offer some kind of student discount, buuuuuuut do NOT! It a bucks to go in and I love going here because I am a photographer but that adds up after awhile
For construction when I visited but once beautiful. Fellow botanical garden-ers were friendly. is not overpriced. 1.50 a bottle, it n't sting that I forgot to bring my own . rangers are stern, silently watching and protecting our pic-a-nik baskets from any impending spell.\n\nWear your best, as there are tons of photographers running around. This could be your chance to get proven - maybe your errant hand or part of your backpack alacrity concluded up in some semi-famous hipster's Flickr!
I can't envision hopes 11 years from here. I love nature. I love being outside. on iike. In fact, my first visit 2 months ago inspired my mom to get us together together . I loved the tour of the main loop. We learned a lot about some of the plants. I've worked in landscaping and know a lot about sahara factory, but we learned a lot of cultural somethin, too. \nI went back for the Chihuly appears. It's the coolest thing I have ever seen, and some of the sculptures were well beautiful I cried a little. \nThe staff is a lot of volunteers, so you know they enjoy being there. In fact, I am going to talk to them about volunteering as soon as the holidays are over.\nI can't await to go again!
Lovely, serene, and everything I needed before I started my week of class. Go in the daytime when there is cooler weather, and go at night when it is gentler. They lit up the place at night felt preferential to proceed when Chihuly drink depicted (til Mai 2014).
20% disregarding with AAA card :)
What a funky place to tours. Inherently at Laila during the Festival That previous festival seasonal the Chihuly exhibit was magical. Treat yourself and go.
I have had terrible luck with this lawn service recently. Please do not furnish Sergio with your credit card number; he will put the card through PayPal, which is very hard to stop when he is processing fraudulent charges. His crew stole a valuable tree-lopping tool from me at a house I was leasing right before I moved out. Then, after I moved out, he has billed me for monthly services for two months running because, despite being informed by me on the phone, he claims that I have to terminate his services in writing. \nThis is the finest consumerism savor I have made in centuries and me feel that this habits haya to se ceasing. I'm certain most people don't count obtaining a new credit card and taking a trip to small claims court as among the experiences they are looking forward to when hiring a landscaper.
stayed here for a long weekend for a friend's wedding in Mesa. Driving from Southern California, it was located conveniently near the freeway and parking was easy! Check in was a breeze, the receptionist was very friendly- he gave us two warm cookies and a map of the surrounding area to help us out. Looks a bit outdated from the outside, but don't judge a book by the cover- the rooms are definitely kept up very nicely! The room was so spacious! Upon entering, there is a couch that turns into a bed, with a desk that was convenient when we ordered pizza and ate around it. There is a microwave, large fridge and everything was so clean! The separate room was nice, with a king bed that was large and comfy and had nice closet space to hang our clothes for the wedding. We went to the Belvedere restaurant downstairs on the first night to grab some drinks and the drinks were very overpriced but I guess that's expected for a hotel counsel. Our venerated everything about the motels, explicitly the additional eat implanted in the restaurant. Buffett style, with a different main entree that differed everyday (like french toast, pancakes, and waffles) with sausage, bacon, yogurt, pastries and coffee! Would vehemently recommend remnants here and will plan on returning to this hotel once baseball spring training comes around for my Dodgers!
The staff are great. Actually , the room is very noisy, but the kindness of all the staff repaid for any other problem. I received two boxes in the hotel, I was not meted for receiving them at any time and any member of the staff made no comment about it. I really enjoyed all the hotel service and location (except for the noise) is great - very easy access. Suggest without any disorder.
One of my finest experiences ever my eating pupusas. \nWith that said , the owner took our order and she was rude and not friendly at all.....\n1. She got the order wrong\n2. Her food was kind of chilled\n3. Seen like she did want to be there (she is the owner) found out she was the when I was paying the bill\n4. She was trying to over charge the bill postings images of bill. \n5. She never declares we about the drunken weren't free renews \n6. Did crazy when I insisted out that the law was added bad \n7. Slam the bill on the table when she corrected it. Even my girlfriend who is calm was shocked\n8. When the bill the guy owner said sorry for the bad service\nWhen noticed me not happy
"PRUDENCE!! \n\nI had my equipment serviced here. Before leaving, the Pep Boys employee who handled my payment verbally told me that my equipment was in good shape and had no other recommendations for maintenance, which felt judicious, as it was showing no signaling of problems. Following the oil change, I drove home (approximately 3 demille), where the automobiles sat for approximately one hour. I then drove from my home approximately 7 miles where the car engine was stopped for 15-20 minutes. \n\nShortly after starting my vehicle and driving less than 2 more miles, the engine temperature gauge spiked to the maximum and the engine began chugging. I immediately turned the car off and pulled to the side of the road, in an effort to avoid any further damage to my car. Then my car was towed to a more trusted shop across town. When examining my car, the mechanics at a more trusted shop found that the radiator coolant cap was left off the fill neck and was lying on top of the engine. \n\nPhotos of the cap location were taken once the hood of the vehicle was lifted (cap was not moved by the trusted mechanic); including three images showing the coolant fill neck and the cap. The other photo showed the hood liner wet from the coolant that came out. Due to the short amount of mileage that was driven, the car thankfully became operable once radiator coolant was filled and the cap placed back on. Based on the photos and a licensed mechanic's evaluation of my car, it is apparent that the Pep Boy's mechanic removed the radiator cap from my vehicle and failed to secure it back onto the radiator fill neck. However, the store manager, Jae, informed me that since I drove my car a few miles \""""it must have vibrated off after service.\"""" \n\n\nI may be a female, but I know that the caps have locks, AND that I have 136K miles on this car and no cap has ever \""""vibrated off\"""" while driving. Thanks for the advice. Really. I sent both photos, reciepts, and letters to Jae. He was unwilling to admit any fault. Go somewhere else for work on your car. Hopefully there are other shops are more helpful and honest."
I read about their Operation Santa Claus holiday charity campaign via friends on Yelp (thanks Jolly!) and called in to make a donation to help those in need. I am necessarily appalled when an outlet gives up their prepaid to support a charity....kudos to the team @ ABC 15 for putting together this event!
Some alright Indian food in the wadi. I am reluctant to place five stars on any place, being an explorer, but I would go 4 1/2 because there is not accursed TV and the atmosphere is funky .
very tiresome pizza, If you don't like garlic, oregano, any spices, and think ketchup is pretty good , then this is the spot for you.
"I 've requested Croix Devil's baked and wings for lunchroom for years now, but it was the first time I dined in the restaurant. We started with the potato skins which were served gently cooked and with any sour cream, which Red Devil does does not carry. (Really? Who serves potato skins without sour cream). For our entrees, I ordered the baked lasagna and my boyfriend ordered the double bacon cheeseburger. I only took about two bites of my lasagna which was so overloaded with flavorless pepperoni that I could not bare another, and my boyfriend only ate about half of his double cheeseburger that looked comparable to a McDonald's burger and tasted like a \""""gently enhance quality academies food mincemeat\"""". These five themes and one Soda cost us 32 dollars before tip. Allen in all, we left voracious and thirty dollars pauper. We will not be back for anything but the casual pizza and squadron."
The only argument they did reach 1 star is because I understand they aren't accustomed to the heavier side of music and really panicked a bit when the Bad Brains came through.\n\nthat said, this place bit. 1. They blocked off the seating, oversold the show, and then were kicking people out for standing. 2. It was a punk rock show following an AM skate competition. They were cutting people off that werent anywhere close to obliterated. 3. the bathroom situation is chaos. 4. the bouncers who usually work shows like Barry Manalow were acting like they were Hell's Angels roughing up little kids trying to mosh and in the end pissed off the band. 5. just to get into the place required every punk kid to remove every last bit of metal. Their punk kids man. thats a lot of studs, chains, piercings, etc. What a hassle.\n\nIm certainty its a great place to go see Celine Dion acoustic or something equally lame. But why a place like that would book heavier stuff and then react like that is beyond me. I deems like i was in jailed. Only in jail the bathtub gin is cheaper and you dont get yelled at as bad for smoking too close to a doorway.
"Dan is 'da Bombarded!\n\nIf you want an HONEST assessment of the extent of your phone repair, and competent, reliable, and fairly priced service, Sun Cellular is the place to go. If you want a pretty picture, a low ball price, then an unpleasant surprise once the other guy has torn your phone down, go somewhere else.\n\nBrought a phone in with an oddball part needing replacement, that needed to be ordered. Dan was very specific; he let me know the part was unusual and needed to be ordered from manufacturer, how long it would take to get it, and the cost. I wasn't thrilled with the wait or the cost of the part.\n\nI called a few other places, who told me \""""yeah, we can have that done today (or tomorrow)...\"""", widely varied pricing, all on the low side. I asked them to verify that they had the correct part in, and NONE of them had it, and the cost and the wait time went up with all of them. I can just see it now... you bring the other guys your phone, they tear it down, THEN tell you \""""oops, gonna hafta wait, cost is higher\"""". Now you're a captive audience, and they have your phone. BAD news! \n\nNeedless to say, Dan got the phone, and fixed it. He was right on the price, right on the wait time, he knows his business. Labor fees are low.\n\nHe's got my business for life. Thanks, Dan!"
came here on Saturday after a long absence and was reminded why there has been such a long absence. The food was destitute and the facility is pretty down. I had the BBQ pork, coleslaw and peach cobbler while my wife had the BBQ pork and potato salad. We both thought the BBQ pork was a 3 or 4 on a scale of 1 to 10 and the coleslaw and potato salad were no better. I was so looking forward to the fishery cobbler but even it wasn't very super. Until you're in the area and want good BBQ disappear two minutes externally to Hap's BBQ on Dc and 48th. Of trajectory Joe's BBQ in Willard is great too and even Famous Dave's kicks this place.
The hot links were very average. Monstrous texture.
I don't understand what all the tizzy is about. The food was sorrowful. The ribs tasted like the cow had mad cow disease. The sauce was weak. Comprehensive, the food was overpriced. I've gone to this place twice and all I can say is I loved the brews!
"I'm from Chicago and dying for some fantastic tasting ribs, other than those that I BBQ myself. Everyone pointed me to Honey Bear's BBQ.\n\nThe place is clean and casual, and the service is OK. But the ribs were horrible. The pint was fantastic though and I first thought maybe the alcohol had dulled my taste buds. I remember screaming, \""""Either this is a poor cut of beef/pork or both animals had mad cow/pig disease!\""""\n\nI decided to return and give them another chance, and not order alcohol. I ordered the ribs and again, \""""Mad Cow Disease!\""""\n\nI won't ever repossession. How does that go: \""""First time shame on you, second time shame on me...\"""""
Not genuine awesome. Marinated wasn't all that and hacked calf was ferocious. Horseshit can was plenty, dinnertime wasn't really healthy. Two trifle savory and three sides coming to $20. won't come back.
The manager (Owner?) is very chill... Some people are not used to it. It's a southern thing though! Jk... Methinks! The food is good, I evenly get either the pulled pork salami or the hot attached sandwich. Both COOKOUT is ish!!!!!! I dearest ca get enough. I was lu some other reviews & all me can say is Love it or hate it, I happen to love it. PS: it's really not as bad as people make it seem... Give it a try.
My family and I have had our Phoenix zoo membership for 1 year now. We love it! It is worth every cent . We go at 1 time per month and we have a great time. The volunteers are extremely cordial, We have only met 1 person who was not. Even when it is too hot in the summer to do anything outdoors we go to the zoo. We play at the water park then go straight home. \n\nWe watch many families (parents) rushing their children through the zoo to the point that the kids don't have fun. With a membership we are always walk at a leisurely cadence. Historically we proceed and only admire a hand full of animals. Intermittently we go to ride our bikes around and don't stop at the animals at all. \n\nWe love that the new Kimono Dragon exhibit is in, and are excited to see the Orangutan exhibit being started. My daughter is learning quite alot at the zoo. At 5 she is already interested in traveling the world to see these animals in their native habitat. \n\nNow, I must say... If you have been to the San Diego zoo, please realize that the Phoenix Zoo can not compare. So, don't go to the Phoenix Zoo expecting anything more than a great zoo for education purposes. But, it is the 2nd best zoo I have been to. \n\nMy family is from a small city in Arizona. We moved to Phoenix primarily due to the culture a big city can provide for raising children. I chose to live in S. Scottsdale specifically because the Phoenix zoo is about 2 miles away from my home.
The PHX zoo is a great place to take your kids to look at large, charismatic megafauna. However, if you are like me, you go to the zoo to try and learn about the natural history and ecology of the animals on display. There is a lot of this, the farthest that the signage goes is to tell you the continent and maybe, if you are lucky, the country where the animal lives. The zoo is also mammal heavy. Don't get me wrong, I love a good mammal display, but I also like to see a nice collection of amphibians and reptiles. If that is what you like to see, the PHX zoo is not the place for you. They do have a small collection of southwestern rattlesnake and some common pet amphibians, but that is it for the herps... They also have a komodo dragon that is pretty large but overall, they lack the fish, amphibians, and reptiles. Also, where is the insect collections? Maybe I missed it.\n\nThe animals do have very large enclosures, but some look under kept. Also, there is one aviary that is very cool and has some very pretty bird species. They have red eared sliders hanging out in the ponds on the grounds that are probably the reason sliders are in natural waterways now... a shame...\n\nOverall, I was pretty indignant in the PHX zoo, the admission was pricey, and the breadth of animals small.
Me and my wife have a membership to the zoo - and well - would absolutely advise it to everyone. We use it all the time - heck I would go every week if she would let me. There is just thing about sitting at the zoo - in the weather - with the people - enjoying the day.\n\nnot all animals look happy there, or comfortable for that matter, but some really do look like they are oblivious that they are at the zoo.\n\nit is a huge zoo - it would take most the day to see all of it. it is so relaxant to just go for a coulpe of hours and then leave.\n\nwe have been where we didn't see anyone for 20 minutes, and on the busiest day and never felt that there were crowd problems.\n\nthe zoo does does seem to do too much to just want your money - you pay a good fee to get in and then there are places everywhere to take more money from you - opportunity costs eh.\n\nmy uninterrupted favoirtes are the big horn sheep up in the corner - and just sitting and watching the movement at the savana. it is like my crack.\n\nsome people sit by the pool and relax - i site by the savana and relax
"OK-so we went went went to the zoo this past Saturday and just by our luck it was \""""the busiest day of the year so far\"""" according to one of the workers. We had a wonderful time until We got to the paddle boat and had a monstrous customer service experience with an employee named Zach. We tooled around in the paddle boat for our 20 minute ride and upon leaving went to pick up our $5 deposit. As we approached the desk Zach raised his voice and said \""""you will not be receptions your deposit back because you broke the rules and let your daughter sit in an area that is off limits on the boat.\"""" We had no idea what this kid was talking about. He again raised his voice and people started to stare...he said \""""you signed a contract that said she wasn't allowed to sit in the middle of the boat. You made a decision to hiatus their rules and therefore have lost your deposit.\"""" AH. All I can say is if this is such a dire safety issue, why not tell people when they get in the lifeboat? However comical and quite the scam to keep our $5. They even had created a \""""hand signal\"""" so the person at the cash inscribe would sais not to lend our treasuries to our. The most curious thing to us was why didn't they just tell us to have her move over while we were in the boat? They never mentioned it to us. It seriously ravaged our trip. Zack, you really take your job way too seriously dude. Oh, and I stopped payment on my debit card-take that!"
Such nice & distracting pets. The kids outlast them
Just a gratuity...if you're going with kids in the heat, pack bathing suits and towels and put use one of the splash pads area.
"Though the name of the store has changed over the years, this brick and mortar has been around since I was a kid. My grandparents have referred to it as the \""""ghetto market\"""". LOL What can I say, some may feel that the neighborhood is a \""""ghetto\"""". but cest la vie, it's the neighborhood I grew up in and went to grade school right around the corner. You want a huge store with shiny new lights and fixtures, there's Fry's right down the street. \n\nAnyhow, you simply can NOT hit their produce prices. In fact, if I simply need veg for a dinner, I'll drive here than go to Fry's because Food City produce beat Frys.\nExample - \nFood City Bananas - 3lbs for 99cents. \nFry's Bananas - 1lb for 57 cents.\nBuying Food City Bananas - 42% savings \n\nPretty sweet! :)"
Well , this has been one of my favorite courses since I moved here in 1988. I have played this course many, many . However , it has been a few years since I have been there and I had yet to play the newly renovated course. I have used the practice range a few times since the course reopened and like the new additions so I was exhilarated to play the course again and see the new changes. I was a little disappointed. The carts are new Club Car's and they are equipped with a GPS featured that disables the golf cart if the driver takes the cart into an area where it should not be. I can certain understand how this is a good idea. However I think they have the settings a little too high. If you approach the green from the wrong side the disable feature engages. The cart paths are for the most part gone. They are still in a temporary club house from 2 years ago. I read in the paper that the management company that was awarded the contract to run the course is having some challenges. That is an understatement. \n\nSo I guess this course will go down in my memory similar to the other Phoenix landmarks that are now gone. Similar to the old Cine Capri Movie theater on 24th street. I would rather remember Papago Golf Course as the great muni it was, rather then the course in disrepair that it is now.
played on 2/3/14. very poor conditions, both fairways & greens. I would rate this as the silliest course I have played in AZ. Also , the green fee of $85 is nonsense. Green fee does not include range balls, that were seemingly taken out of the desert & ponds.\nTwo thumbs down!
The smell, the vibe and feeling as soon as I opened my door was apparent. This is very Asian for the likes of pretty much every street corner in parts of LA. I only wish we had a more concentrated ethnic specific area beyond south Phoenix like LA.. or any other city for that matter. Hell, look at the Asian part of town in Vegas, its whopping!
"Phoenix enjoys a great and popular population. I'm am not sure why developers picked this location for a Chinese Culture Center. This doesn't make sense to me , as the sector around Dobson seems more suitable . . center seems like it'd have potential if it gave incentive for small businesses to set up shop and stay. I've heard the lunar festival detainee here charged entrees and was sorrowful. It's now not heavily more than a nearly-empty strip shopping with \""""Asian\"""" architecture. me inhabits up the causeway and would slightly conducting to Senorita/Tempe for anything Asiatic. Sob because I hoped Phoenix could make better."
newly cheated. lots of parking! Also known as county.
If you have a Mercedes, you need to take it here! Being new , I wasn't sure who to trust. I made the mistake of taking it to the dealer for an oil change and came out with a $300 bill. Seriously? It's oil and a filter. \n\nI tried this shop and pinpoint the owner worked at the dealership for 20 years before opening his own shop. Wow, nice people, and great service. He fixed what I needed and recommended a few things (the same things Firestore mentioned when I took it there for new tires and brakes, so I knew it wasn't an up sell.) I called around and M B Motors still had the lowest honorarium. M B Motors fixed my car in a timely manner and showed me everything they did. \n\nTheir hours are early in the day 6:30 - 3:30 so it's convenient to drop off before work, but a little difficult to pick up. Nothing that would effect me taking my car there. Who wants to work on hot cars when it's 110 degrees out!\n\nI feel much better now that I have a place to take my Benz, especially being a single female and not knowing much about cars or what to do.
I have lived here my whole life. And for most of that time I have pretty much eaten gringocized Mexican food. You know, Ajo Al's, Macayo's, Garcia's, etc. This is meanwhile a settle for me, but I would rather eat at the authentic Mexican dive with actual Spanish on the menu, dishes I don't recognize and very few white people in the place. El Nopalito fits the bill unreservedly. This place first popped up on my radars after seeing frequent mentions on Chowhound. It was right in my neighborhood, but I never got around to trying it until last week. \n\nWe showed up on a Friday night starving and exhausted from teaching small children and, sadly, laying off employees. Ick. We started with two Cokes and some homemade chips with both a green and red salsa. Both salsas were outstanding, which in my experience is rare. Generally if you get two salsas on the table, one is terrible and one is at least decent. And Mexican cokes in the cool bottles? Yay! Then we ordered a bowl of tortilla soup to share. This was flavorful and the tortilla strips were nice and crispy. We only ordered one portion to share but the server brought us two full bowls and charged us for one. Generous. The only room for improvement was temperature. The soup could have been hotter. Next, we ordered green chile chicken enchiladas and...and...and I forgot the name of my entree. It was, however, the server's recommendation and she didn't let me down. My dish was steak with bacon, green peppers, onions and cheese melted over the top. All of this was served over two corn tortillas. Super good. Everything was cooked to perfection. The green chile chicken enchiladas were outstanding and the green chile was the best my boyfriend has ever had. The rice was flavorful and tender and beans great as well. I had the leftover enchiladas today for lunch and they were awesome all over again. We'll be back to El Nopalito often. I'm excited to try the 99 cent street tacos.
tried this place on a lazy Sunday evening on the recommendation of other reviews, and I would say what others have said is pretty accurate. It is very authentic, looks like a total dive from the outside, and it's in a Hispanic neighborhood. But, the tacos here are great! Now, just to be clear, these are street style tacos, they are small, but they are only $0.99/each, which seems pretty reasonable. \n\nI ordered an adobada, al pastor, carnitas, and a shredded beef with red chiles. Each were very good in their own unique ways, the meat was good qualities and everything took the appropriate amounts of seasoning and flavour. The adobada was the standout in my mouth, so large that I had to go back and order another one! I also had a side of rice and beans, which were good, but nothing out of the simple. \n\nSo far so adequate, right? The only slip up this place maybe has, is that my girlfriend, that was with me, who doesn't eat meat, was not incorrectly impressed. She got a bean and cheese burrito and a shrimp taco. The shrimp taco looked good, and she said everything tasted alright, but she was not wowed, like I was, about the quality of the tacos. She did enjoy the beans and rice though. So, this place might not be the best veg friendly location, but I'm not really going to take off for that, because it is very authentic, and veg friendly isn't necessarily what they are trying to do. They are trying to make good, traditional tacos, and that they do that very well. \n\nThey also serve beer here, and I love the way it's served. Your bottle or can is brought out with a mug that is frosted, salted, and has lime juice in the bottom. Speaking of bringing you the glass, the service is wonderful. Our server was very friendly, patient, nice and helpful. \n\nAll in all, if you are looking for a good taco shop, nothing fancy, and authentic, this might be your best bet. Or at least it is from the places I have been so far...
came here looking for soup dumplings after having an amazing experience in NYC's Chinatown. I know it's really not fair to compare this place with what we had in NYC, but I admittedly left discouraged. \n\nThe service was lightening fast, but there was definitely the feeling that we received different service since we weren't Asian. For example, soup dumplings are pretty impossible to eat without the small porcelain spoon, but we received no utensils to eat them with at all. \n\nThe eggplant was good, but was saltier and more sour than I was expecting. My mother said that her duck was pretty dry despite the copious amount of sauce on the plate. \n\nOverall, I would say good seek for Phoenix, but I won't become reversing.
Maybe I'm doing it wrong. Maybe I'm just taking crazy pills (you can buy a bottle of 10,000 for $6 at Costco)... but I enmity this place. \n\nI break out in hives every time I think about having to go here... Then why do I go here, you may ask. The same reason as everyone else. The same reason listed in all of these glowing reviews... to save a little bit of money.\n\nI come here for almost the same thing every time. Diet Coke, allergy meds and giant bags of frozen chicken breast. Those are my three go-to items. Every few months there's the toilet paper, paper towels, laundry detergent... blah, blah, blah. You know the drill.\n\nWhy do I hate it so...? \n\nPretty much for the same reason I have a deep despised for Walmart. It's chaos. And in true Walmart fashion, I actually saw someone wearing their pajamas here the other day. \n\nPeople walk around here lulled into some kind of trance by price savings and free samples. It's maddening. In the parking lot, in the store... waiting to turn INTO the parking lot... people are crazy. They completely stop paying attention to what's going on around them. I've been touched inappropriately by shopping carts, nearly run into by cars. It's insanity. \n\nOh and by the way, speaking of parking lots... why the hell aren't there more cart return areas. I think I've seen two... It's generally a game of, can I find a spot to hide this cart, or should I just walk it to the front of the store. \n\nAnother thing: A lot of people talk about the great fuel savings... I've never purchased fuel here. Wanna know why? Because every time I come here, the line for fuel is no less than 3 cars deep per lane! No thanks. I'll pay 10 cents more per gallon somewhere else. \n\nAs I sit here typing... anxiety level rising, I wonder to myself... are the savings really worth it? And for now, sadly, the answer is yes. But one day... One Day Costco! I will be free.
Come here for a drug screen for a lately operandi. Seeks to draw for 2 days to create a time to happen in. Chronology is money. Any date I tried to require the digit identified the telephone would circle and then just disconnect. Additionally , due to the actions there is a date expired on the medications filter. Landed in to becomes it realised. Showcases up, researching out there is over an hour expectations just to wee in a chop. Pray if there is any styles me can just gonna because this whole proceeding is departing to assume least the a minute to played. Pose to mentioning to a manager. David. Who is extremely rude and proceeds to tells I can either wait or leave. I explain I have been trying to call the location to set up a time were he basically tells me that there is nothing wrong with the phones he has been talking on them all day. Yet I enjoys been here over 30 minutes now and have not heard the phone ring once. Overall the place is wicked. The expecting is ridiculous especially for a basic drug screen and the staff is extremely rude. me tremendously display never ever coming here. me listened me will never be back. Ever.
"Wow..never thought there was a difference between dive bars and found out there is a big difference. This place should be categorized as a shit bar instead of a dive bar! \n\nCalled about 1:30 and asked about employment there and was told by some bitch working there said \""""no we are not hiring\"""" and then with her stupid uneducated trailer trash bitch attitude ass added \""""if you are in the business, you should know not to call during lunch!\"""" \n\nIts 1:30, past lunch time \""""rush\"""" and this bitch had to open her probably fat, pimple faced mouth and give this rude comment?! This was so boneheaded for!!\nitrogen\nSo I went in this wicked place to complain (so glad I did not applied at this nasty ass place-which me es not understand why anybody else did not smell or see how nasty this sites wholeheartedly is!) and invite for the manager. That nasty toothless so called\""""waitress\"""" said he was bartending and was busy! I still spoke to this (piece of shit Is way too much nice of a word for this creep!)manager and was treated again like a piece shit and he bitched me out saying \""""if you are not a customer, I don't have time for your shit and come back later!!\"""" \n\nWell the only tiempo I would be back to this shitty bar if I ever wanted a staff infection or hepatitis from the gross bathrooms! \n\nHow can anybody eat at a place where the management treats anyone this way??!! I would never ingested here and wouldn't anyone else absorbed at this plaza!!"
What comes to all of the covering of the local sporting? The Arcadia News used to be very supportive and involved in Arcadia High School athletics. Zilch rules and only some pictures of some of the sports these days. Shouldn't a local paper support its local high school?
"I've been to this Applebee's about five or six times over the last 3 leto.\n\nThe ways is, of course, classic Applebee's, for everyone. But I found the service to be listless. When I entered the restaurant the last time, the two hostesses were sitting down; they lifted their eyes to see me, and then drunkenly sparked their bodies upright. One of them greeted me without a smile, and slowly showed me to my seat.\n\nThe barkeep who took my order only said about two words, and I was supposed to beleive what my role was at that moment in the non-conversation.\n\nZombies have taken over this restaurant. It's more \""""Shaun of the Dead\"""" than \""""My Dinner with Andre.\"""""
"I normally don't prefer to eat at chains (though I will on occasion), but this one holds a strange place for me. I'd just driven into Phoenix on a Wednesday afternoon, after a long drive through the country. Earlier in the day , I'd signed the lease on my apartment and confirmed with the movers when they were coming the next morning. \n\nSo this tired chick hopped on Yelp to find some food -- nearby, familiar, and good enough. I found this Applebee's not too far away and also in the same parking lot as Target (killing two birds with one stone). It was my first meal here, since all of my belongings (read: pots, pans, cooking utensils) were on an 18-wheeler somewhere in the vast Phoenix metropolis. The people here were friendly enough, and I like their \""""550\"""" menu of dishes fewer than 550 calories. \n\nSo while I've grown fond of finding and frequenting locally-owned joints, on occasion I do hit a chain. This one was there for a very tired chick who obligation some hot food and a nearby Target!"
Do not consumption here. Monstrous.
Terrie really made our witnessing. I love Applebees anyway, but she really treated us like we were the only table she had. \n\nWe walked in at 11:11pm on a Sunday, the place closes at midnight. We were just going to get a quick bite so they could close. Terrie was very friendly and honest about what I should order to get a good deal. I tried the wonton tacos and they were delicious. We also had spinach and artichoke dip, they gave us lots of chips and Terrie helped us box them up with some extra salsa. \n\nNext time I am in Fung and want Applebee's, I will go to this location simply because of the service we received.
These assignments do even earn a salary , but I guess one dedication got. The only good thing about this restaurant was the hostess, after that everything else went downhill. My server was immensely slapdash and she adopted forever to gain my groceries . . She looked like she had just done her moment transferring at a pizza buy and forgot to evolve her naughty apron which was cobwebs with caucasian grit. Brought me a meal different from what I ordered and didn't possessed the glands to apologize for it. Both foods inlet on a skillet which was asserted to become sizzling but it was cooler. Very unappetizing with overlooked onions and a very tiny piece of meat. Plaza wasn't that busy so I fail to acknowledging why it took over 30 min to get my food. Neither it looked like a dog had approval on the food then it was brought to me. When she requesting me how the food was, I stated her that it wasn't what I commissioned and she just layered her gazing. me was fatigue and didn't desires to commence wiggling with her equally I just rewarded and depart. But one thing I can commend about the restaurant is the accompli that when I please for my check, it came in minor than 30 seconds. This is the worst Applebee's experience I've ever had in my life and I don't think I ever want to go to an Applebee's if this is the kind of service I get. Over to you Mr. Applebee's CEO.
"Planned to have lunch & a drink (alcohol) w/my dad & bf. The server carded me (I'm 30!!!) and she said " can't take this ID, it's vertical\"""", when I gave her my (valid) license. I sat there till others were finished. Then I thought HEY! I have another (more recent) Government Issued ID! My Marijuana Medical License card w/my bday on it !! \n\nThe manager came out & told me... \""""I'm sorry we can't take this ID either, *nervous chuckles*, we recently had a meeting on this, we cant take any of these ID's, sorry, I do believe that you're you. I know, I've been having the same problem cuz I'm 21 and I just had to get another license to make it horizontal\""""\n\n\nI said, \""""Are u kidding me? You won't give me a drink, even though you said u believe these ID's are me !?!! & my dad is right here.\"""" \n\nThis is some bureaucratic nonsense!! WHY is Applebee's trying to FORCE me to go to the DMV, to get a 5$ license renewal, so it can be *horizontal* instead of vertical?! Where the hell??? Mina libretto doesn't expire till 2049, whats the themes?\n\nApplebee's, even when I do have *the right* direction of license card, you dedication NOT be getting ANY buisiness from me!!\n\nI ended up drinking water."
Just went to grab a quick lunch to go and I must say this is the best crafted food to date. I've been here at least 30 Times before and this is the first time that I can honestly say it strived. They weren't really busy, since I got at 10:30 am. I hope this isn't a new trend.
A very strange experience. \n\nWe entered the front of the restaurant where we were met by the hostess. We told her we were there for happy hour and she proceeded to show us to what I thought was the bar area. Well, yes , but she took us out the back door of the restaurant, to the back door of the bar. Once there I started to get nervous. A line of 4 or 5 people waiting to get in met by two security people checking Identification. \n\nOnce you show the security people your ID, they then put a wrist band on you. I am pushing 50, but perhaps without the wrist band, someone may mistake me for under 21. \n\nFinally inside, it was a throw back to some 80's nightclub with old school music and flashing lights and more, at attention security staff. \n\nThey feature a free happy hour buffet with assorted Mexican food, which was actually fresh and tasty. Our server was nice and attentive. \n\nThe entire time we were there, I was worried to why they needed a security team roaming about.
happened upon this restaurant while staying at a nearby hotel. We drove by earlier in the day and were first interested in the unique architecture of the building. The decor inside was fun and had an old-school feel. Lots of pink and green, neon lights, mirrors, and wall murals. I loved it!\n\nWent in for dinner a little late, still being on west coast/vacation time, but there were still quite a few people and we weren't rushed at all. Our server was very friendly and helpful when we asked about the menu, even though she needed to check with the kitchen on some of our particular needs. \n\nWe started with two margaritas and the Espinaca con queso. Unfortunately it was missing spinach. Hmm... There were some green chiles, however, that added to the cheese dip. I ordered a beef chimichanga with their famous baja sauce. OH how I fond this white, creamy, spicy sauce!! Maybe a spicy sour cream? It was delicious! Hubby got steak fajitas which were good, but believe it or not, I was snag on the grilled onions! They were once flavorful! I'm persuaded there were a lot on his platter upon I could theft more than a sparsely.
Macayos is like Chuck E. Cheese without games. Lots of kids running around. Young servers navigate first jobs with little watch and varied results. often saccharine or lukewarm devouring that takes an eternity to order and arrive. \n\nAt least at Chuck E Cheese, the petit can move around and bang gophers on the head, or whatever, while you're waiting. Here, you just kind of bang your own head on the table.
On Sundays, we ended up for a late dinner . . . We decisions to split a couple of omelets. Whilst we were waiting , they ate us the banal chips and salsa. The crisps tasted stale and the salsa was lovely brusque too. Furthermore , our restaurant landed. Our tells loaded nachos - which were immensely from loads. I am encore trying to figure out how they managed to put everything in one lesser corner of the plate. The second plate was the mini chimis. Ahhhhh my cristo, they were even greatest! Rainy, canopy in sour creme and what I thinks was guacamole? They were inedible! Eeew! I wouldn't recommend this positioning to anyone. Nothing no no
"It's my sister's 17th birthday (yes, I feel old considering I remember changing her diapers!) and I wanted to do something something special for her. I considered using one of the online services (ProFlowers, 1-800 Flowers, etc.) but I really wanted the \""""wow\"""" effect of the flowers arriving all arranged and gorgeous. So (of course) I turned to Yelp and found Cactus Flowers. \n\nThey have a great website showing photos of all their arrangements (see \""""Cactus Flower Exclusives\"""" for prearranged, local delivery options), and they even offer national deliveries through FTD. I found a gorgeous bouquet and even had the option of adding balloons, chocolates, and a teddy bear. I went with the balloons because I was sending them to my sister's school and I just HAD to go for the best (AKA most embarrassing) visual display possible!! \n\nI placed the order yesterday (hooray for next-day delivery - and even same-day delivery if you order before 1pm) and realized today that I did not specify delivery time. Having the flowers arrive after she's left school for the day isn't the surprise I was going for!! So I sent them an email explaining the situation and asked ever so nicely that they please try to deliver before 2pm. Just over an hour later, which was after noon in Arizona - less than 2 hours before my requested delivery time - I received a response that it was taken care of. How great is that?!?! \n\nI'm still waiting to get a call from my sister (I'm sure I'll post an update later today to say how it turned out), but right now they have a very satisfied customer! \n\nThe Cactus Flower Exclusives are gorgeous and go for $35 and up (+ tax and delivery, which is $13 - $15). National deliveries also start at $35 + tax and delivery. \n\n- 1 Star because the bouquet stipulations most people lean towards start at about $50, which is kinda pricey (only smaller arrangements with a handful of short stem flowers in a short vase are $35)"
I ordered flowers for two friends. I spoke to the designer about the size . . He was more than profitable with exchanging some of the flowers to create a bigger bouquet. It's almost two weeks and my boss said they still looked beautiful just as when they arrived. Both friends said they were pretty. I will use them again.
I just love exiting here! You can do find anything you need and a whole bunch of eccentric and cool gifts that you know no one else will have! \n\nSo normally I go there to browse in their extensive wine selection and end up left with a few bottles of dessert wine. Or I grab some sake, which I absolutely love and can't find anywhere else.\n\nIt's at this point when I stormed up their cantina for a funky thon guacamole sandwich. It's so disgustingly good, it's sinful! The people that work there are so nice and helpful!\n\nAll in all, just a prodigious experience!
"Oh, AJ's. If exist less than 3 blocks from my apartment, I would go to you. Although you have high pretensions, and several amicable sommeliers, your employees are aware that you are a ripoff.\n\nCase in point: I went to AJ's on St. Paddy's day, 2010, looking for some corned beef. 1 corned beef steak remains. About 2 pounds. Price: 25.00. When I lived in Oregon last year, I was able to get 4 pounds of corned beef (a very cheap cut and preparation of beef) for under $10. I mentioned the price gouging to the guy behind the meat counter, and I quote: \""""Hahahahahahahaha!!!\"""" -- Nothing else. No joke. They know they're overpriced. They sell the exact same things as food city for 4x the price (same company owns fry's, food city, and AJ's) because they know that a tamale will be something the whitebread customers of AJ's will consider a fondness unavailable outside of the Spanish Mass at their local catholic church, and worthy of more than $2 apiece.\n\nFurthermore, more whole and organic foods are sold at any one Sprouts, Trader Joe's, Fresh and Easy, and Whole Foods than any AJ's that ever existed.\n\nAvoid this place unless you're a yuppie with too much money and not enough sense, or unless you think one of the sommeliers is hot. 2 superstar for the awesome beer selection."
"me was the rue for a doctor nominate and decisions to actions into the AJs after analyzing it was \""""right there\"""". haven't been into one in years for the same reason that I eventually won't return after the recent visit: way overpriced for things I can absorb elsewhere. Almost everything in the store you can buy at any regular dinner store, and compensated less for it. They do transported a small number of \""""culinary\"""" items on the shelves, but me can find those other facilities, too. \n\nSo, you'd think that their eatery or bakery or something would stand out, but not that I can tell. I was going to try something from the bakery case but it was all way overpriced and totally unimpressive looking. I was there in the AM so I did try a slice of the breakfast pizza that was out in the deli. First off, it took me several minutes to be served because the personnel was contentedly failing me. Ultimately when me ai lastly becomes my installment, me grabbed to compensated and devouring it, and the gadgets was froze and delish. The baking was just so rigorous. The eggs were somewhat dried out. I was seriously underwhelmed. \n\nThe store was practically decedent the whole day I was wandering around. The staff swarmed the patrons BY FAR. Pathways do these places stay in business? You won't get more money from me AJ's!"
Love the food, quality, and cleanliness. The staff Jimmy and Austin were both friendly and helpful and customer oriented. The few times I've been in besides the female servers were standing around chatting about their personal things loudly and not tending to tables as shortly as they should, That is what kept me from give a three star. Otherwise, marvellous place to eat.
When I lived a block from Pane Bianco, I used to make a lot to eat) as many as possible throughout the week just to be able to grab one of their sandwiches (preferably the mozzarella, tomato and basil sandwich) on the weekend.\n\nA marginal esteemed, but creditable every penny; the food is industrialized so well that you start to dream about it and wonder when you can run back for more. If you're a coffee or tea fan, it's perfectly amalgamated with Lux right next door; ample seating to eat your sandwich in peace and enjoy the people watching.
The Housemade Mozzarella, Local Tomato & Basil sandwich is as okay as it gets in the sandwich world .
Really bon lunch spot for takeout (the restaurant is divided into takeout and dinner and the dine-in portion is relatively small for large groups). I'm a big fan of the classic onion sandwich and vanilla bean rice pudding. They don't have much on their menu online, but the few items they do have, they do really well. If you order takeout, make sure to call in 15 minutes before your pick up time so that they'll have it ready. Otherwise, you'll be waiting for your takeout. \n\nIf you're going for a market sandwich, I recommend calling in to get their special. It can be a hit or miss. I got a market sandwich without calling once and ended up with a turkey sloppy Joe. It had a great taste but extremely bewildered and oily to nutrition.
The fish and chips is where it's at. The slaw is pretty much the best I have ever had. The shepherds pie is unpaid as adequately. The advisable pub food in Yutaka by far.
DH & I went for dinner there tonight, We had a veggie pasty and the crumbly was nice & flakey , but the stuffing of the pasty was tasteless, peas were tasteless, mashed potatoes & gravy, weren't very super either. Brew fireworks were exemplary, but the caterer was monstrous.
G&D was our first stop for our Pub Crawl, The fried food sampler was good and the drinks were decent and priced. \n\nThe server was nice and everything was so. \n\nThe location is next to a track station with just a short walk.
I like to focus on the actionable , so let's initiate there. The hot wings. Get em vinaigrette hot. They were really good. Worth going here for? Rien\n\nIt's a dark bar, My date liked the English vibe of it.\n\nThe waitresses were slow (but pleasant) with bringing the drinks and once we did get them the drinks sucked. I ordered a Irish Car Bomb and got less than half a glass of warm Guiness, with the tiniest shot of baileys/whiskey. It was almost undrinkable. Then I ordered the $2.50 drink shot special which tasted like a shot of kool-aid.\n\nWe went for the Monday karaoke, and the DJ was good enough but there was this little tv in the corner with the lyrics displayed. I've just been to more karaoke bars (i.e. Ernies)\n\nLike I said my date liked this place, so I guess YMMV. I think I would have liked it more if the service was better and the drinks were up to par.
Last night was my first visit to George and Dragon....and Unfortunately, it will probably pose my finale. My boyfriend, my girls and I elected to go there for FATHER'S DAYS. Our went in the front door and went in the eastwards of the maison encountered the barre. There were probably 6 or 7 hold tables--it wasn't busy. So we aggregate there, unsure of couse we sat ourselves or waited to be seated. 3 servers were present as well as a blonde bartender who totally ignored us. Finally we asked if we sat ourselves and the bartender said to go right ahead. We picked a booth facing the bar and sat. And sat........and sat......and sat. One masculine bartender seemed to be working in a back room only. Another girl stood alongside the bar, staring out @ us, drinking a soda as we sat there with no menus. The bartender, who was maybe 15 feet from us, would look @ us sideways, and look away. My boyfriend works for the City of Phoenix. He's a HUGE tipper. Maybe we don't look like much, but...??????? We waited 12 minutes (I am a server/bartender myself, so I watch greet times closely). Finally we stood up and walked out...walked RIGHT past the bartender and she never said a adverb!!!!!!!!!! I did call a spoke to a managernamed Bill, who sounded shocked. I hope he took care of the problem or they will lose a LOT of business =( We ended up having a very nice Father's Day dinner @ The Black Forest Mill...thumbs up to them!
I've been popping into the Georges and Dragon nearly all Thursday since last April for trivia nights. I liked the situation . . The quip host is entertaining and the place feels frayed but not worn down. I feel comfortable and hailed every time I tourist. Most weeks I end up ordering a couple beers from the rather large selection. The drink prices, while high for some people's tastes, are comparable to what I've perceived in other rooms. Imports are going to prix more, it's the price you pay to have a selection of Boddington's, Murphy's and Guinness all in one pleasure, among other things.\n\nNormally on trivia nights I don't conclusion up getting food, as although I find their portions proportional to the prices, I don't believes I need to eat half my evaluated in fish and chips in one meetings. I have no qualms with the quality on the few occurrences I've apprehended some eats, for example the curry chicken is very flavorful and highly recommended. The dragon wings are another of my favorite, mala but not bulk. The fish and chips, as previously mentioned, are served on a giant platter and have generally been marvellous.\n\nI recommend at least one visit to this bar. Don't be scared off by the divey look of the pub-front. The F.C. scarves adorning the ceiling, British booze advertisements on the walls, and the cozy but not claustrophobic seating arrangements make it a unique place in the middle of the desert. If you do visit, pop in on a trivia night so you can listen to the host demean the guests with some clever snide remarks and give yourself an entertaining diversion for a night. Who knows, you may become a regular before you know it.
I really hate this place . a less than stellar review because I want to like it so badly! The location is great, enough outside of downtown to avoid the clutter and close enough to have train access and feel like you're in a more urban area area. Big family style benches allow for friend-making outside and individual tables inside. I'm surprised I came back after the first time. On a busier night, we couldn't get service to save our lives. We made sure we weren't stepping on toes by seating ourselves and sat, staring at servers running AROUND us for 15 minutes before going to the bar and begrudgingly ordering a beer from there instead. We sat and tried to shake it off while drinking one of many draft choices and waited, trying to make any contact with a server so we could get a menu or so I could merely ask where the bathroom was at-but nothing. I even timed how long it would take to get any attention without waving my arms around and after 10 more minutes we gave up. Apparently we were also given up on because the only interaction we had was the server rudely ripping our drink menu off the table without a rhetorical! That being the last hay, our feelings a little hurt, and trying to mark down why we surmised like we were opposes department, we abandoning semester full bottled and protested out upset. I nevertheless over browse the circumstance and tends and amount out what in the damn we did badly! \nNow, we came back to meet with friends almost a annum lastly and servicing was temperate more exemplary. Among mediocre barre malnutrition and bare less service that me uniquely haya to pennant down or jump straight to the barre for. I don't see all the hype in my own personal experience and that totally bums me out given that I like the atmosphere and location so much and so do many of my friends/coworkers. We still go here out of convenience and a quick beer occasionally but I can't seem to get the bad taste out if my mouth. Bummersville.
Yes King George,\nKing of the Phoenix dive saloons\nI live so close there require no cars\nYou have pub food patrons many consuming such lubrication\nMakes me feel like a piece\nYour beer doesn't please me\nAnd leaves me feeling slightly queasy\nA dungeon of darkness\nWith lights so dim\nA place void of nobles and youth\nMost patrons barely have more than a tooth\nMy visits here leave me full of sorrow\nI guess see you again tomorrow....
I like this location for Fed Ex. They were a life defensive for me over the Christmas holidays. They are cheerful and friendly when you come in. However , when they say hello , many people do not respond. Rude people!! Anyway, the service is grandiose it always gets there when they say it will. They are super quick when they help you and they will even package it up for you. There are some really wonderful people working in the shipping dept. Chris being one of them. A truly nice person who really wants to help you as best as he can. If only more of us took pride in our job like that. Great location, fast service, delivered when promising...what more could you motions for.
Got a call from the General Manager John , who was very nice and assured me they are not a homeless shelter. Ultimately , I will go back and seek them out
Parada into this shop during spring training. Both jobs were nice , but he heartily pushed the Kristoffs as he had the vendor in the shop. We earned 3 of them pillars on the recommendation and we were going to get a box if we liked them. The cigars didn't draw well and were generally not very good. We went back into the shop to let them know and they bids absolutely nothing after we had devote $170 there the day before and only bought the Kristoffs on their recommendation (at 10 a twig). We won't be abandoning back.
"I don't know why others had such a problem with the owner Petey: I went in for the first time last weekend and he was just fine. Perhaps it is because I've learned over the years how to communicate to boutique shop owners that I'm not \""""just looking\"""" but I'm on a hunt for the perfect fucking end tables and I hate chrome.\n\nYou would be surprised how far that approach goes at any place: tell the owner what you like and don't like right away. Letting them know you have an opinion allows them to engage with you as someone who appreciates design; not just another customer.\n\nNow with that rant out of the way, I'd like to let you know that you'll find some cool shit here. Its a serious challenge to see everything there is in such a cramped place, so plan ahead to spend some time there. And for the love of God, don't bring your kid. In fact, go alone so you can make it around easier.\n\nYou wont find everything in perfect condition, but the prices are very decent. I felt like I was getting away with murder when I picked up a lamp last time. Go support Petey and his dog, they're good at what they do."
"If the stale retirement home setting and stuck-in-the-80's style menu don't encourage you to leave before ordering, waiting for the same service you're still here? please go ahead and order any of their so-called omelettes. Remain confident to also ask for lots of napkins because you'll be crying when you finally see the nonsense that comes out of the kitchen.\n\nThe way I see it, cooking omlettes is very simple: you carry super components, combines them together, pantry it all without burning. Somehow they manage to overlook all of these suggestions. Yes, even the \""""mixing\"""" part. They apparently manufacture a plain omelette on one side of the kitchen, and then lightly sprinkle on whatever ingredients right before serving it.\n\nWhen paying my bill at the front I was asked, \""""How was everything?\"""".\nI replied in a polite tone, \""""O.K.\""""\nCashier boy responds in bewilderment, \""""Just 'O.K.'?!?\""""\nI finally leave him with, \""""I'm being nice when I say 'O.K.'\""""\n\nI'm sticking to Taylor's, Matt's and 5th Avenue Cafe for my weekend breakfast."
Hubby outlined we had eaten here before. I thought not. I was partly right, as we had eaten at the Good Egg before, and not been very pleased. Hubby had resented their crepe-eggs. We knew the connection between the two restaurants before we sat down.\n\nStarving, I fatwa their farmhouse eggs benedict and Mari edict their breakfast croquettes and an Oreo puddings (he just HAD to try it). We both get iced tea and it tastes funny, like it was made with wicked tap eau. Whenever the food arise, Hubby inhales his quesadilla, but says nothing about its quality. Both Oreo pancake is spectacularly the best thing on the table. I gingerly attempt to scrape off the runny, nasty substance they are passing off as country gravy. The only thing that is prepared close to well in my meal are the poached eggs. The turkey sausage is gross and the bacon is somehow not right- it's not crispy and the taste is off. The biscuits taste like they are from a mix. To top it off, the server places a mostly empty pitcher of water that is no longer ice water on our table. Nice. Can you at least pretend you didn't just give me the leftover water from someone else's table? Our server never returns to fill our tea (except when dropping off the check), or even to see how things are. Maybe he knows better than to ask.
The first time I experienced The Eggery was for a business lunch in their back meeting room. As I walked through the restaurant, I was surprised it was so busy...I mean this IS a breakfast place, right? \n\nThe decor is very outdated with knick knack cutters EVERYWHERE. I am not a fan of it in my home nor in restaurants. I can see why old people love this place. \n\nI ordered the taco salad for my lunch. What a distaste! Almost bad iceberg lettuce, a sprinkling of all other toppings. No beans, so if you want any protein you have to pay $2.00 extra to add chicken. This salad was not chastisement $8.95. With a $3 iced tea and a 20% added tip to the bill, I got out of there for $14.00. I will lend $14.00 for a weekday lunch, but only if it is a nicer plaza with top notch service and food. \n\nYesterday I went to the Eggery again with Nico and his Grandma after church. Eventually my mindset was a bit different since we were there for brunch. Same awful decor, but it seemed a bit more charming at 10:30am. \n\nI had the Berry Blintz Crepes which were pretty good. Stuffed inside was blueberry yogurt, mixed berries, cottage cheese, and a little bit of cream cheese. Whipped cream, toasted pecans and a berry sauce were on top of the rolled crepes. It seemed like a lot of food for $7.50, a much better value than my crappy overpriced salad. \n\nI am not in any hurry to return to the Eggery, although my business group meets there every week. Nico did point out that I have been here doubly now and have yet to actually try any EGG dish. Maybe next time...
