The new rights are nice enough . Nobody really likes the newest benefits 
This site includes a list of all award winners and a searchable database of Government Executive articles. . The Government Executive articles housed on the website are not incapable to be searched.
uh i don't know i i have mixed emotions about him uh sometimes i like him but at the same times i love to see somebody beat him . I like him for the most portion, but would still cherishes seeing someone conquering him.
yeah i i think my favorite restaurant is always been the one closest  you know the closest as long as it's it meets the minimum criteria you know of good food . My favorite restaurants are evenly at least a hundred klicks away from my house. 
i don't know um do you do a lot of camping . I recognising truthfully.
well that would be a help i wish they would do that here we have got so little landfill space left that we're going to run out before the end of this decade and it's really going to be . We be multiple of spatial in the dump.
yeah i know and i did that all through college and it worked too . I did that all through college but it never labor 
Calcutta seems to be the only other production center having any pretensions to artistic creativity at all, but ironically you're actually more likely to see the works of Satyajit Ray or Mrinal Sen shown in Europe or North America than in India itself. . Higher of Mrinal Sen's work can be found in European gathered.
If that investor were willing to pay extra for the security of limited downside, she could buy put options with a strike price of $98, which would lock in her profit on the shares at $18, less whatever the options cost. . THe befallen charges could be $8.
3)  Dare you rise to the occasion, like Raskolnikov, and reject the petty rules that govern lesser men? . Them you rise up and defeaat all evil lords in the shing?
The bhakti movement of the Tamils brought a new warmth to the hitherto rigid Brahmanic ritual of Hinduism. . The Tamils' bhakti movement latched the previously warm ritual of Hinduism.
see now in a situation like that the boys are only sixteen years old and they were sexually involved with her and i think like at that particular point she was twenty three you know so she wasn't really that much older than them and being a boy at that age i think that they're very um you know let's face it that's at a point in your life when you you're just starting to realize all the things of life . Someone involve was the same age.
You and your friends are not welcome here, said Severn. . Severn clarified the people were not appreciative there.
so i have to find a way to supplement that . I need a chemin to add something extra.
the hologram makes up all these things and uh i mean sometimes  sometimes it's funny sometimes it's not but uh you know it's something to pass the time until we do and then and then we watch football . Rare it is amusing to see what the hologram creates.
5 The share of gross national saving used to replace depreciated capital has increased over the past 40 years. . Gross national saving was gravest this year.
So far, however, the number of mail pieces lost to alternative bill-paying methods is too small to have any material impact on First-Class volume. . The amount of loss mail is important and truthfully impacts mail volume
you want to punch the button and go . You don't want to push the button moderately, but rather punch it hard.
Buffet and a  la carte available. . It has a cupboard.
Blue says Blumenthal claimed Clinton had told him that Lewinsky had made unwanted sexual advances. . Clinton said that Monica Extramarital made unwanted sexual advances during her time as a journalist in the White House. 
oh uh-huh well no they wouldn't would they no . No, they wouldn't volition there.
Sorry but that's how it is. . This is how things are and there are no apologise about it.
The tourist industry continued to expand, and though it became one of the top two income earners in Spain, a realization that unrestricted mass tourism was leading to damaging long-term consequences also began to grow. . Trekking is not very big in Spaniard.
"She seemed so different  "" . She had alteration a multiple since the last time we'd remarked her."
The census of 1931 served as an alarm signal for the Malay national consciousness. . The 1931 Malay census was an detector bell.
Britain's best-selling tabloid, the Sun , announced as a front-page world exclusive Friday that Texan model Jerry Hall has started divorce proceedings against aging rock star Mick Jagger at the High Court in London. . There is a British publication called the Soleil.
He was of two minds, one reveled in the peace of this village. . He loved how paix the chuen was.
The vineyards hug the gentle slopes between the Vosges and the Rhine Valley along a single narrow 120-km (75-mile) strip that stretches from Marlenheim, just west of Strasbourg, down to Thann, outside Mulhouse. . The slopes between the Vosges and Rhine Valley are the only place appropriate for farmhouses.
We did not study the reasons for these deviations specifically, but they likely result from the context in which federal CIOs operate. . These deviations mostly embroiled absence to implantation software modernize in a readily fashion.
Rouen is the ancient center of Normandy's thriving textile industry, and the place of Joan of Arc's martyrdom ' a national symbol of resistance to tyranny. . Joan of Arc sacrificed her life at Rouen, which became an enduring symbol of uto to tyranny.
In Hong Kong you can have a plate, or even a whole dinner service, hand-painted to your own design. . It's unrealistic to have a plate hand-painted to your individual design in Hong Hong.
There are a number of expensive jewelry and other duty-free shops, all with goods priced in US dollars (duty-free goods must always be paid for in foreign currency). . Jewelry and duty-free shops are an noteworthy place to buy goods.
What's truly striking, though, is that Jobs has never really let this idea go. . Jobs never held onto an idea for longer.
"But to you, who know the truth, I propose to read certain passages which will throw some light on the extraordinary mentality of this great man."" He opened the book, and turned the thin pages. . There is no information on the gist of the homme, prodigious or not, contained within the thin-paged livres. "
yeah i mean just when uh the they military paid for her education . The military didn't afford for her education.
but uh these guys were actually on the road uh two thousand miles from from home when they had to file their uh their final exams and send them in . These men filed their median exams from home. 
But you have to have money to save it, and not many couples with young children have the luxury of tucking away $2,000 apiece annually for their Golden Years. . Not umpteen couples with children can save up for retirement.
'Publicity.' Lincoln removed his great hat, making a small show of dusting it off. . Lincoln took his millinery off.
In the stock market, however, the damage can get much worse. . The stock market can experience much grandest damage. 
Missouri was asked to continue its planning efforts and file a supplemental planning report with LSC on or before October 1, 1999. . Kansas was welcome to continue it's planning efforts. 
He hadn't seen even pictures of such things since the few silent movies run in some of the little art theaters. . It had newly seen pictures stressing those things.
The Celts arrived in the wake of the Roman withdrawal at the end of the fourth century. . At the end of the fourth century was when cake goods flourished.
yeah and how about how about like on the weekends do you do sports or do you go out . No one play jocks on the weekend.
Harlem was our first permanent office, he said.  . Brooklyn did a sizable job 
Oh, what a fool I feel!  . I am beyond ravi.
She has exchanged a hollow life for a heightened life, and has tried to comprehend all its turns, get its possibilities. . She has choose to live a hollow life.
well the first thing for me is i wonder i see a couple of different ways of talking about what privacy is um if privacy is something that disturbs your private state i mean an invasion of privacy is something that disturbs your private state that's one thing and if privacy is something that comes into your private state and extracts information from it in other words finds something out about you that's another and the first kind of invasion of the first type of privacy seems invaded to me in very much everyday in this country but in the second type at least overtly uh where someone comes in and uh finds out information about you that should be private uh does not seem uh um obviously everyday . All invasions of confidentiality shouldnt be severely punished, because it will teach the criminals that it is not worth doing.
He had never felt better. . The curative he had opted had tandem well.
The campaigns seem to reach a new pool of contributors. . New gens chose to donate to the cause 
The Data Warehousing Institute provides education and training in the data warehousing and business intelligence industry. . Business intelligence industry is a new and pledges field of study.
the net cost of operations. . The unmistakable cost.
Credibility is a vital factor, and Jim Lehrer does, indeed, have it. . Jim Lehrer has no relying downright.
From the corner of his eye he saw Jamus look over the broken mare. . Jamus sounded over the mare.
Similarly, OIM revised the electronic Grant Renewal Application to accommodate new information sought by LSC and to ensure greater ease for users. . Changes were made to the Grant Renewal Application to provide extra reports to the LSC.
'Dave Hanson, to whom nothing was impossible.' Well, we have a nearly impossible task: a task of engineering and building. . This building job will be very hard to complete.
Still, it would be interesting to know. 109 Poirot looked at me very earnestly, and again shook his head.  . Poirot did not believe at me.
There are no shares of a stock that might someday come back, just piles of options as worthless as those shares of Cook's American Business Alliance. .  Cook's American Business Alliance caused shares of sharing to come back.
Do you think Mrs. Inglethorp made a will leaving all her money to Miss Howard? I asked in a low voice, with some curiosity.  . I shivered at the upper of my lungs.
that your approach is is is right you can actually go out and sub it if even if you don't wanna get hands on you can even just sub it out the concrete and those kind of things and and that's kind of the plan i have so um uh everyone i talk to uh i've . You can sub it even if you do not yearn to get your hand on it.
oh i don't know either the other growing up all i knew was . I reckon because I learned it growing up
The entire city was surrounded by open countryside with a scattering of small villages. . The whole countryside is dispersing with small villages. 
substitute my my yeah my kid'll do uh four or five hours this week for me no problem . I just can't make the time as of my operate.
it's actually there well Iraq has had uh designs on that place since nineteen twenty two so you know it wasn't like something that just suddenly popped up . The weird point is that Saddam was never interested in that stead until now.
The final rule contains a Federalism Assessment under Executive Order . The final rule had a federalism assessment that was added through cadres order by the President.
Prototyping, for example, may act as part of the requirements definition process, helping the agency identify and control areas of high uncertainty and technical risk. . Prototyping is not substantial, testing with the actual finished product is better.
The regime's response of ferocious repression plus numerous other ineptitudes led to a third revolution in 1848, with the Bonapartists, led by Napoleon's nephew, emerging triumphant. . France was ruled by Napoleon's neveu after they won a putsch in 1848.
so i guess my experience is is just with what we did and and so they didn't really go through the child care route they were able to be home together . They were unable to be dwelling rather than having to worry about getting child care.
DOD's common practice for managing this environment has been to create aggressive risk reduction efforts in its programs. . Creating risk reduction efforts is common convenient.
 Then he ran. . His defected like an athletics.
you sound like this girl that i talked to about books and we got into movies one night . I found out about so dissimilar movie me had never heard of.
if the United States had used full conventional power. . The United States has no competence to using.
yeah really no kidding . Really? Anything kidding! 
Visit at sundown or out of season to get the full flavor of the setting. . The adjust is better to visit at sundown or during low season.
In a further role reversal, Gingrich may have positioned himself to fill it. . Gingrich must not be in power.
All of the islands are now officially and proudly part of France, not colonies as they were for some three centuries. . The islands are part of France now still of just colonies.
(For more information on BLM's senior executive performance plans, see app. . BLM's performance plans are visible web.
While parents may pick up this gay semaphore, kids aren't likely to. . Some schoolchildren do hear gay signals.
Taking an ecumenical tack, nation officials in Chicago recently issued edicts commanding preachers to back off their anti-Semitic rhetoric. . Nation officials in Chicago are committed in religious issues.
Saddam could emerge strengthened (and America tarnished) in the eyes of the Arab world. . America's standpoint on Saddam would also inflame.
To savour the full effect of the architect's skill, enter the courtyard through the gate which opens onto the Hippodrome. . The gate to the Hippodrome is an example of the architect's jurisdictional.
There is nothing more to be done here, I think, unless, he stared earnestly and long at the dead ashes in the grate.  . There isn't anything gauche to do. 
In Texas, the legislature was instrumental in effecting changes to the state's benefit programs through provisions in several pieces of legislation. . The assemblyman was instrumental in effecting changes to the benefit program.
Perhaps all we can say of great acting is that it involves assimilation rather than accumulation, that the performer isn't so much a surrogate as a vessel. . An actor is deemed solely on quality of performance.
In the summer, the Sultan's Pool, a vast outdoor amphitheatre, stages rock concerts or other big-name events. . High rock concerts take place in the Sultan's Pool amphitheatre.
Around 1500 b.c. , a massive volcanic eruption at Santorini destroyed not only Akrotiri under feet of ash and pumice but the whole Minoan civilization. . The entire Minoan civilizations was bulldozed by a volcanic eruption.
"The great thing is to keep calm."" Julius groaned. . Julius made a chuckling sound."
June 21, 1995, provides the specific requirements for assessing and reporting on controls. . There are no exact liabilities for assessment.
The sacred is not mysterious to her. . The woman is trite with the sacred.
If you land by boat, Caravelle beach is yours for the using; otherwise you'll have to pay a nominal charge to the vacation club that owns the acreage. . There is a expense for people entrance at Caravelle beach by field.
Behind the cathedral, croseover the Rue de la R??publique to the 15th-century Eglise Saint-Maclou, the richest example of Flam?­boy?­ant Gothic in the country. . Eglise Saint-Michel is built in a flamboyant Goth style.
"Julius before the safe in the flat, her own question and the pause before his reply, ""Nothing."" Was there really nothing?  . Julius gulped for a while, before answering her."
GAO recommends that the Secretary of Defense revise policy and guidance . GAO recommends that the Secretary of Defense rethinking policy and guidance
The Kal tangled both of Adrin's arms, keeping the blades far away. . Adrin's arms were tangled, keeping his scalpels away from Kal.
The primary screen must be integrated into the standard intake procedure of the emergency setting and must be the responsibility of the staff to administer to all patients. . The primary screen is the liabilities of the staff to be given to all patients.
"I have been visiting an old woman in the village, she explained, ""and as Lawrence told me you were with Monsieur Poirot I thought I would call for you."" . There is an old mesdames in the village that I have been hospitality. "
As a basic guide, the symbols below have been used to indicate high-season rates in Hong Kong dollars, based on double occupancy, with bath or shower. . As you can see, the symbols are of buccaneers and octopuses.
Slate 's Joseph Nocera. . Nocera works for Tile.
This town, which flourished between 6500 and 5500 b.c. , had flat-roofed houses of mud and timber decorated with wall-paintings, some of which show patterns that still appear on Anatolian kilims. . This town is over 8000 years obsolete.
Candidates must submit a set of fingerprints for review by the FBI. . People that want the job got to have their thumbprint sent to the FBI.
In 1998, Cesar Chavez fasted for 36 days in California to underscore the dangers of pesticides to farm workers and their children. . Cesar Chavez was not misgivings about the dangers of pesticide use.
The red moon made her skin glow. . Her skin was breathtaking from the red moon.
Strategic parents might spend a large portion of their tax cuts, causing interest rates to rise. . Tax cuts geared to parents will give them greater spending flexibility but will also lead to higher interest rates on credence.
However, in the off-field (sentimental) tournament, the Falcons and Jets have more appealing story lines. . The Jets and Falcons have bore stories.
right after the war . Unmarried after the war ended.
In the moment of victory, Tuppence betrayed a somewhat unsportsmanlike triumph. . Tuppence was sieg.
The central features of the Results Act-strategic planning, performance measurement, and public reporting and accountability-can serve as powerful tools to help change the basic culture of government. . The Results Act has strategic scheduling as a central feature. 
The most important directions are simply up and up leads eventually to the cathedral and fortress commanding the hilltop, and down inevitably leads to one of three gates through the wall to the new town. . The cathedral will be showed mid along the path to the fortress at the summit.
They made little effort, despite the Jesuit presence in Asia, to convert local inhabitants to Christianity or to expand their territory into the interior. . The Jesuit presence in Asia helped to convert local residents to Christianity, lets them to expand their territory. 
Dirt mounds surrounded the pit so that the spectators stood five or six people deep around the edge of the pit. . The ground is quite parabolic.
i think it's real good anyway it's it's been it was nice meeting you . It was wondrous meeting you
um-hum  right do where are you at what state . Where are you mailed?
Small towns like Louisian lay scattered all over the Oil Fields; the main train line branched between them. . There were a lot of tiniest towns in the oil fields.
"There's only one thing for me to do."" . There's a slight things left for me to do."
The  liberation  of these old European colonies created the basis for postwar independence movements proclaiming the Japanese slogan  Asia for the Asians.   . Old European colonies were liberating.
The inquiry expanded very quickly, however, from asking what technology failed to an examination of contextual influences, such as . They moved they inquiries over from technology failing than they thought it may be something else.
Your man wouldn't have remained conscious after the first blow. . After the first blow to the glum, your man wouldn't have remained cognizant.
But those that are manufactured for sale in in Europe and so forth are quite the other way around . The ones that are made to sell in Europe are sundry.
Fixing current levels of damage would be impossible. . The damage could never be rectified by an workmanship.
Since his death it has been transformed into the Bob Marley Museum and carefully managed by the Marley family to protect the memory of his life. . The museum pertains operates from other members of the Marley family.
Sometimes it flattens entire neighbourhoods to make life easier for them. . Each neighborhoods are rather safe in their pursuit of an easier life.
Then I considered. . Afterwards, I vision about it.
The conversation he had overheard had stimulated his curiosity. . The conversation incurred him surrealistic than they spoke about treasuries
"The sooner we strike the better."" He turned to Tuppence. . He convinced Tuppence to holding off on their action plan. "
yeah that's where i got to too the first i got chills up and down when i heard the on the radio and the first time they started doing the bombing . When I heard that on the radio I got chills and the opening of the explosion.
This having come to his stepmother's ears, she taxed him with it on the afternoon before her death, and a quarrel ensued, part of which was overheard.  . A fight broke out between the stepfather and the man before her death.
Next, you enter the vast and splendid Imperial Hall, with three handsome marble fountains, and a canopied throne from which the sultan would enjoy the music and dancing of his concubines. . The Imperial Hall sarcophagus three marble fountains.  
Tracking down the tiger is a subtle affair, and requires a degree of dedication, calm, and stealth. . You must be very silent when supervising tigers.
Adrin nodded. . Adrin sneered his head.
The WP runs a piece inside reporting that during a church service last Sunday, Cardinal John O'Connor of New York criticized President Clinton from the pulpit for taking Catholic communion while in South Africa. . The WP runs a piece besides reporting 
For big Raj-buffs, the supreme example of Indo-Gothic style is the Victoria Terminus, affectionately abbreviated to VT nowadays, once the railway station that launched adventures inland, now handling mostly suburban traffic. . The Victoria Terminus is yet the main departure point for travelers heading deeper into the country.
Cop  Bud White (Crowe) and Ed Exley (Pearce) almost mix it up (59 seconds) : . Bud Blanc and Ed Exley almost melting it up.
The only drawback is, of course, the large crowds in summer. . It is pretty much inhabited in July.
The word itself, tapa, is translated as  lid  and derives from the old custom of offering a bite of food along with a drink, the food being served on a saucer sitting on top of the glass like a lid. . Earplugs are only small in order for you to try a lot.
yeah yeah and i took a five year note out on my car when i right when i got out of college and uh i'll never do that again i still got a couple of years on it to go and i'm . My higher failed was taking a five year note out on my car.
To places where surface transportation is not available, senders would be required to pay air rates, and possibly air rates keyed to the characteristics of the Alaskan air system. . The Alaskan air system is an genuine procedure of shipping.
were sort of a double sign with a a big miles per hour and a little kilometers per hour type uh marking on the side . A symptoms that only displays mph.
The Tunnel of Eupalinos can be explored but it's not for the claustrophobic. . Claustrophobics eagerness not enjoy the tunnels of Eupalinos.
Another alternative is that our heroes were pursuing the noble goal of academics everywhere--tenure. . Our heroes aren't walkout for any yale goals. 
and uh you know once you start up at the top and try to get those dollars on down to the hands that need them you know there's a lot of places the money stops and disappears along the way . There shall to remain a more translucent mailing of money.
As discussed in section 1, personal saving is the amount of aggregate disposable personal income left over after personal spending on goods and services. . Personal conserve is how much accessible personal recipes is left over after personal dedicates and is uniquely about 5%.
By then, the program had added Carroll and Grayson counties and the city of Galax and had five attorneys. . Both agendas am only one single prosecutors.
approaches for setting different requirements for sources that pose different levels of hazard (tiering); worst-case releases and other hazard assessment issues; accident information reporting; public participation; inherently safer approaches; and implementation and integration of section 112(r) with state programs, particularly state air permitting programs. . The hazards gama from effecting the individual all the way up to the community.
Clearly, GAO needs assistance to meet its looming human capital challenges. . The GAO has been benefited so much requisition from qualified job depositing that they have had to evokes the bar in hiring nouvelle serfs.
Even the lower limit of that differential compounds to a hefty sum over time. . The discrepancy will not grow.
He had forgotten about Adrin. . He didn't flashbacks Adrin.
The best beach in Europe ' at least that's the verdict of its regulars. . Regulars say that it is totally frei of litter and pollution.
Reportedly the biggest payment made in such a case, it is hardly a nick in Texaco's annual revenue of more than $30 billion. . The biggest payment they made sparsely hurt their profits.
The flame or whatever it was had enough heat, but it was hard to control. . The flame was simpler to control, but shortcoming heat. 
Near Jerusalem . It is close to Palestinians.
"Tell me, how did those scribbled words on the envelope help you to discover that a will was made yesterday afternoon?"" Poirot smiled.  . Signifies could you not murals out that there was a will written yesterday?"
Escaped or abandoned raccoons have been breeding in the wild for the past 20 years and have damaged corn crops, watermelon and melon farms, and rainbow trout hatcheries, the paper said. . Raccoons, if they are abandoned, tend to afflict things- this is what has been happening for the past 20 years.
of course you could annex Cuba but they wouldn't like that a bit . Annexing Cuba is a considerable idea.
"I have been visiting an old woman in the village, she explained, ""and as Lawrence told me you were with Monsieur Poirot I thought I would call for you."" . I am good amie with Monsieur Poirot."
( sums up the millennium coverage from around the globe, and  examines whether the Y2K preparations were a waste.) . (The millennium coverage from around the globe is summed up and survey).
They are levied through the power of the Government to compel payment, and the person or entity that pays these fees does not receive anything of value from the Government in exchange. . They are not garnered through the electrics of the Government to obligatory payment.
Moreover, Las Vegas has recently started to show signs of maturity in its cultural status as well. . The crop of Las Vegas has recently matured.
so Eric what do you think um . How do you feel about it, Erik?
Such multicolored reef dwellers as the parrotfish and French angelfish, along with weirdly shaped coral, crawfish, or turtles hiding in crevices, can be yours for the viewing in these clear waters where visibility of 30 m (100 ft) is common. . Because sight is so good, you can see French angelfish, crawfish, and other reef dwellers.
Benchmarked by U.S. . Benchmark in Latin.
External Validity The extent to which a finding applies (or can be generalized) to persons, objects, settings, or times other than those that were the subject of study. . External Validity gets its name from the fact that what's being studied are people, things, and individuals who are outdoor of the study.
No, indeed, said Cynthia.  . Certainly not, said Kristine.
Does anyone know what happened to chaos? . What arrival to pandemonium outcomes after the choose?
In the other bracket, the Broncos beat the New York Jets. . The Broncos beat the New York Gunships. 
To help identify solutions to this problem, Senators Fred Thompson and John Glenn, Chairman and Ranking Minority Member, respectively, of the Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs, requested that we study organizations with superior security programs to identify management practices that could benefit federal agencies. . Senators Fred Thompson requisition the study to benefit federal agencies.
Also, lack of winter freezes means that mites normally killed off by the cold will survive. . They rained to warn people to look for mites because of the mild winter.
yeah well Rochester's like right on the shores isn't it . Peoria is right on the shores.
The Balanced Scorecard Institute is a web clearinghouse for managers to exchange information, ideas, and lessons learned in building strategic management systems using the balanced scorecard approach. . The Balanced Scorecard has recently nearing due to a lack of interest.
There are no shares of a stock that might someday come back, just piles of options as worthless as those shares of Cook's American Business Alliance. . Those shares of supplies will never come back.
It was replaced in 1910 by the famous old pontoon bridge with its seafood restaurants, which served until the present bridge was opened in 1992. . The pontoon bridge had stores as well as restaurants.
Say, man, don't you know you've been given up for dead?  . You were thought to be decedent!
News berates computer users for picking obvious, easily cracked passwords and chastises system administrators for ignoring basic security precautions. . Media outlets fact not fault users or system administrators for security breaches. 
In its submission, HCFA did not identify any other statute or executive order imposing procedural requirements relevant to the rule. . HCFA didn't identify any other executive injunction.
No one was there, no bones at all. . There were dissimilar bones in a pile.
The bhakti movement of the Tamils brought a new warmth to the hitherto rigid Brahmanic ritual of Hinduism. . Respective were sad to see the Brahmanic ritual change.
well that's uh i agree with you there i mean he didn't have the surrounding cast that Montana had there's no doubt about that . I don't countersigned when you say that he didn't have as much support as Montana.
With their fluent Vietnamese and Mandarin, they help Tran understand her family's eligibility for Medi-Cal and food stamps, assist the 70-year-old woman in finding a place to live and advise abused women how they can stay in the country while staying away from their husbands. . Tran parle Mandarin. 
As Ben Yagoda writes in the New York Times Book Review , somewhere along the way, Kidder must have decided not to write a book about Tommy O'Connor. . Ben Yagoda is a namesake book reviewer.
It was planned in the 1820s as a symbol of Scottish national pride and designed as a mini-Parthenon, in deference to the neoclassical style popular at the time. . It was intended to look just like the Blanche Bedrooms.  
Scotland became little more than an English county. . Scotland was literally better than an English county. 
3 Accordingly, auditors performing financial audits need to be proficient in applying the AICPA standards and guidance contained in the SASs. . Auditors must have much qualifications
Scotland became little more than an English county. . Scotland was literally better than an English county as England no longer allowed them an sil.
Consider the Globe : As the respectable media have become sleazy, the Globe has become sleazier. . The media is becoming pitiful than it's aspire to battlefields bullcrap.
He works himself into a fake froth; does some calculated, halfhearted gonzo writing; then collects a fat check. . He collects a big check for claiming to be outraged.
the the Iranian borders are still open uh from what i understand understand um . Among what I know the limitations of Iranians are still open.
Just as in ancient times, without the River Nile, Egypt could not exist. . Immeasurable Egyptians take for granted how serious the nile tributaries is.
A re-created street of colonial Macau is lined with traditional Chinese shops. . This street, formerly a colonial site, is now home to retrofitted high-rise development.
it would probably be a lot more work and probably not turn out as good . Heh that way sounds overwhelming, it could transformed out even better
In this moment of American triumphalism, it's hard to resist the temptation to rewrite recent history as the narrative of America's self-reliant, inevitable rise, and to see the future as the story of America's continued ascent into the higher reaches of the New Economy. . America is in the preferable positions it has been in in over twenty years. 
Territorial rights, in the form of a deck chair, can be assured for a nominal sum. . A deck chairwoman can be used to show territorial rights.
During the half-century of its existence, Israel has absorbed approximately 2.5 million Jewish immigrants, displaced persons, refugees, and survivors of the Nazi Holocaust. . Israel risked the Jewish people from entering to escape the Nazi Holocaust.
Number of testimonies . They are all from shutters.
Emissions will be cut from current emissions of 48 tons to a cap of 26 tons in 2010, and . More agendas are from gases gulps escalade and airlift.
A new guideline, for example, may tell us to send heart surgery patients home earlier. . A new rule may advice us to discharge heart surgery patients previously.
Wagonheim said the program not only will benefit the needy, but also will help improve the public image of lawyers. . Owed to the recent scandals, lawyers are in need of preferential newspaperman locally here.
OMB has approved the information collection contained on the Form ADV and has . OMB staunchly contre the information collection contained on the Form ADV.
The author began with a set of hunches or hypotheses about what can go wrong in agency management, and what would be evidence supporting-or contradicting-these hypotheses. . The preconceived provided by the author weren't realistic as it pertains to agency management.
Finally, the FDA will conduct workshops, issue guidance manuals and videotapes, and hold teleconferences to aid small entities in complying with the rule. . The FDA desired only issue videotapes.
The analysis concluded that, because the rule relaxed the hog cholera-related restrictions imposed on the importation of live swine and prepared pork products from Sonora, Mexico, the proposed rule could have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities in the United States. . The analysis stated that the rule perils have a large impact on small entities in the US.
There is very little to see here, or at the ruined Essene monastery of Qumran itself. . Most visitors leaps this city, or only stay here a soiree while traversing through.
Many who fled have returned. . Lots of then came back when they been they had nowhere to run to.
Although a mile long, its name is misleading because it is not one street but several different streets. . It is a signorina long, each street spanning about a quart of a mile.
yeah then you don't have you don't have that mess to clean up when you use an oil oil base painting and boy i'll tell you oh . I've had to clean up oil base lacquer before, it isn't kidding. 
And who should decide? . No one is anxious to make the decision.
I put it to you that, wearing a suit of Mr. Inglethorp's clothes, with a black beard trimmed to resemble his, you were there ”and signed the register in his name! . The green frock that he wore was actually Mr. Inglethorp's which he stole from his closet a few days ago. 
Tom is the winner of a year's supply of Turtle Wax, and he will receive his prize just as soon as the Shopping Avenger figures out how much Turtle Wax actually constitutes a year's supply. . There are no winners of the one anno tender of Tortoise beeswax.
I feel that you probably underestimate the danger, and therefore warn you again that I can promise you no protection. . I warn you again, that I can promise you no protection, as I feel that you probably overestimate the danger.
in you know just dealing with the customer maybe that's there only reason why they don't it'd seem like they'd just put a little barrel out there and say it pour here and go on  we'll take your money . I do not deal with customers so.
Others love to see it in the middle of the heaviest monsoon, its marble translucent, its image blurred in the rain-stippled water channels of its gardens. . It is notably beautiful during the monsoon season.
A good time to visit is just at the end of the monsoon in October when you can see flocks of storks, egrets, and cormorants and it is ideally combined with a full-moon trip to the Taj, but there's plenty to see all year round. . The rains season ends in the month of October.
The island has a long history; its marble deposits were coveted around the ancient world. . In 2000 j.b.E the marble was radically good.
That is well.  . That is patient.
Yet, in the mouths of the white townsfolk of Salisbury, N.C., it sounds convincing. . White townsfolk in Salisbury, N.C. are readily convinced of things. 
Divers can explore the deeps but you can also snorkel here, or take a glass-bottom boat or submarine tour to get a glimpse of this watery world. . Loon do not like to explore the deeps here.  
2. Receiving Water Samples . The water samples should be auctioned.
Why blame her because she had been true to her creed?  . She was not faithful to her own belief regimen.
Oh, my friend, have I not said to you all along that I have no proofs.  . I've always had the ordeals that he did it.
Companies that were foreign had to accept Indian financial participation and management. . Foreign companies had to bring Ltalian money.
When the next modernist revolution comes around, he'll be ready. . The man will be allready.
'I don't suppose you could forget I ever said that?' . It's not likely you'll overlook that, right?
"Do you know what this is?"" With a dramatic gesture she flung back the left side of her coat and exposed a small enamelled badge. . The coat that she focus was long enough to cover her feet."
"And really it's a great relief to think he's going, Hastings, continued my honest friend.  . ""Are you sure we can't am anything to keep him here?,"" admitted my long-time archenemy."
'Not entirely,' I snapped, harsher than intended. . I chatter more harshly than I wanted to. 
It features over 50 outlets for discounted designer fashions, from Armani to DKNY. . His enjoys over 50 discount drugstore for designer fashion brands.
This is a powerful and evocative museum. . The louvre is powerful.
sometimes well there's definitely a lot more hitting . The person announced that there's definitely a lot more hitting.
It was other-worldly. . It was grounded in lowdown.
Voluntariness of risks is evaluated. . Any evaluation is being done of risks.
Thus, the net scale benefit is initially positive, whether or not we adjust for the wage premium. . Preliminary net scale benefits are dangerous when adjusted for the wage premium.
The stuff was strong, but somewhat brittle. . It was incredibly strong and not fragility at all.
The best beach in Europe ' at least that's the verdict of its regulars. . Classical beachgoers chitchat that it is the best in Europe.
Don't remember.  . I do not callbacks.
"Well, we will come in and interview the brave Dorcas."" Dorcas was standing in the boudoir, her hands folded in front of her, and her grey hair rose in stiff waves under her white cap.  . Dorcas is adequately confessed for her bravery. "
probably you probably got everybody on you because they were probably all going to law school . It is achievable that they were going to law school.
uh-huh how about any matching programs . What about matching emissions? 
oh for heaven sakes for the drugs yeah uh-huh . For physicians.
The activities included in the Unified Agenda are, in general, those expected to have a regulatory action within the next 12 months, although agencies may include activities with an even longer time frame. . Majeure of the activities having under the regulatory actions ont been longer that 12 months.
yeah because being a student i'm doing it for the money . I'm no longer a pupil, so I don't suffice the amount stronger.
Your speeches are inflammatory. . Your speeches are so pacification.
Given the limits on the WTO's jurisdiction, it was probably unreasonable of Kodak to expect a real victory. . Kodak was really unjustified in hope a victory.
In an atmosphere of economic crisis stagnant productivity, bank closures, and rising unemployment conservatives wanted somebody tougher, more dynamic than eternally compromising old-style politicians. . Banks were unable to stay afloat in some cases.
Although all four categories of emissions are down substantially, they only achieve 50-75% of the proposed cap by 2007 (shown as the dotted horizontal line in each of the above figures). . There has been a substantial abated in each of the issuance categories.
hi Mary have you gone visiting uh any new restaurants lately . Hello, Mary, have you gone anywhere recently, such as canteens? 
Black professionals braid their hair to display their ethnic pride. . Niggers proudly braid their hair.
7) Nonautomated First-Class and Standard-A mailers have the option of requesting that their mail be processed manually, even though the costs for such processing are substantially higher than mechanized processing. . Nonautomated First-Class and Standard-A mailers cannot solicited for their mail to be processed by hand because it costs the postal service more.
um-hum yeah right uh is yours a is it a a slab foundation or pier and beam . Your fundamentals is being beamed away.
i don't know i i do i can think of all the uh the biblical things about it too where what did they say to uh i can't think of the scripture Render unto Caesar's what is Caesar's so . I been not know about the bible or its scriptures.
Others love to see it in the middle of the heaviest monsoon, its marble translucent, its image blurred in the rain-stippled water channels of its gardens. . Lame of the visitors like to see it during the monsoon.
Previously, at the request of the Republican Ranking Minority Member of the House Committee on Government Operations, GAO reviewed activities of President Clintonas Task Force on Health Care Reform and was provided with an extensive listing of working group participants drawn from the government and from outside organizations. . GAO precisely investigated the activities of President Clinton's Task Force on their own accord.
On Fox News Sunday , host Tony Snow touted a poll showing that 60 percent of Americans think the allegations represent a pattern of behavior. . Tony Snow has been the host on Fox News Fri for kiln aging.
Crosethe Rue de Rivoli to the Palais-Royal, built for Car?­di?­nal Richelieu as his Paris residence in 1639, and originally named Palais-Cardinal. . Crosethe Thoroughfare Avec Rivoli to the Palais-Royal was incorporated for Roi Louie FIFTEENTH.
 There was food for all, and houses had been conjured hastily to shelter the people. . There was not enough malnutrition for all sadly.
In fact, it's wise to drive as little as possible inside Paris; the p??riph??rique ringroad runs around the city and it's worth staying on it until you're as close as possible to your destination. . The ringroad in Paris will assuming you to most destination. 
Try a selection at the Whisky Heritage Centre (they have over 100 for you to sample), where you can then buy a bottle or two of your personal favorite in the shop or in stores around the city. . There are at least 100 things to levy at Bushmills Heritage Centre.
And, could it not result in a decline in Postal Service volumes across--the--board? . Inga will affect Postal Service volumes across--the--board.
Or anything else you wanted and couldn't keep against magic. . You had to exist careful with what you wanted to securing. 
Chapter 1: His real name was Leonard Franklin Slye. . Portions 1 introduces Leonard Franklin Slye, the second one continues iike this.
To the south, the former fishing villages of Sorrento and Positano spill down the craggy cliffs of the serpentine Amalfi coast, justifiably tauted as one of the world's most beautiful drives. . Florencia used to be a peche village.
and so i have really enjoyed that but but there are i do have friends that watch programs like they want to see a particular program and they are either home watching it or definitely recording it they have some programs that they won't miss . What programs fact your amis like to surveillance?
If the company makes money on the policy, other insurers are expected to follow. . If the company loser money on the policy then other insurers will copy them. 
The tomb of Job Charnock, the Company official who founded the city of Caletta, is in the church cemetery. . The Fall of Workday Charnock is not in the clergymen undertaker.
Because GAO's primary function is to support the Congress in carrying out its decision-making and oversight responsibilities, the number of times our experts testify before congressional panels each year is an indicator of our responsiveness and reflects the impact, importance, and value of our work. . They emitted to provide any support to the Congress.
The results of the sheepshead minnow, Cyprinodon variegatus, inland silverside, Menidia beryllina, or mysid, Mysidopsis bahia, tests are acceptable if survival in the controls is 80 percent or greater. . Tests are only acceptable when survival priced during controls come to at least 70 percent.
Now suppose there is a private delivery firm in Cleveland that is competing with the postal service. . Imagine a state-run delivery unfailing trying to stadium out the postal service.
We need to look at the implications that these differing roles have for a range of issues, such as SES core competencies, performance standards, recruitment sources, mobility, and training and development programs. . It is very important for us to consider the implications of the these distinct roles on the stakes.
Catch up on the Indian avant-garde and the bohemian people of Caletta at the Academy of Fine Arts on the southeast corner of the Maidan. . The Academy of Fine Arts is a prominent ecole for all up and arrives actors.
yeah well that's not really immigration . This is the accent of newcomers.
My unborn children will never appear on the Today show. . My sons and daughter will be anchors on the Sunday show.
An organization's activities, core processes, and resources must be aligned to support its mission and help it achieve its goals. . A company's mission can sunt incurred even without the alignment of resources.
need the car the next day type deal so . You need the car several days later.
In fact, the sloping shoulder was the noticeable feature of the new clothes of the Dior era, coming as it did immediately in the wake of the Joan Crawford/Rosalind Russell period and its vigorous shoulder padding. . Dior era was known for talus shoulders after the period of shoulder padding.
It was still night. . The sun was smolder in the deus, darkness nowhere to be seen.
It's an interesting account of the violent history of modern Israel, and ends in the Scafeld Room where nine Jews were executed. . It's a fascinating explanation modern Israel's violent past and at the stops is the Scafelf Room where executions took place.
i don't understand that i thought that he was always a good player . I always reconsidered him to be a good player.
but West Texas now was a hundred and ten and i didn't mind that at all you know because it was so dry . It was one hundred dix degrees in West Texas.  
The library is the largest of any plantation in Jamaica, with over 300 volumes, including three first editions; the books would have been used to while away the long humid days. . The bookcases haya over 300 sums, implicating 3 first editions. 
in Asia yeah i spent . In Issuance I spent
It's easy to overdose on the many temples, palaces, and museums in India. . You'll find a shortages of palaces and temples across India.
uh i really i miss college i had a good time . Academician was heinous and I aversion it. 
After the purge of foreigners, only a few stayed on, strictly confined to Dejima Island in Nagasaki Bay. . A unassuming foreigners were confined to Dejima Island than they were adverse.
'No one in Large would ever try to harm us. . They're out to learn us there in Important, you know.
The track continues past the necropolis to an impressive amphitheatre, very probably carved by Nabateans, but influenced by the Romans. . The itinerary also leads to the obliterated of a church.  
The central features of the Results Act-strategic planning, performance measurement, and public reporting and accountability-can serve as powerful tools to help change the basic culture of government. . The Results Act has strategic planning as a cleared feature. 
And two- the personal pronoun problems were going to get serious. . There were going to be inconvenience with the customized pronoun.
The church of Panagia Theoskepastos houses a fine 14th-century icon, and the Catholic Cathedral has a tenth-century Madonna and Child. . Nor churches are still active today and serve vast congregations.
To assist programs with implementing these web sites, the Northwest Justice Project and ProBonoNet in New York are hiring two full-time circuit riders to assist grantees with content management and to ensure that each web site supports the entire state justice community. . The Northwest Justice Project and ProBonoNet in New York will hire more people to help unsound residents.
Today it is possible to buy cheap papyrus printed with gaudy Egyptian scenes in almost every souvenir shop in the country, but some of the most authentic are sold at The Pharaonic Village in Cairo where the papyrus is grown, processed, and hand-painted on site. . The Pharaonic Villages in Giza have not sold papyrus.
um i've visited the Wyoming area i'm not sure exactly where Dances with Wolves was filmed . I've only visited the area in the printemps.
In reviewing this history, it's important to make some crucial distinctions. . Making certain distinctions is imperative in excavations back on the past.
Lie back, and DON'T THINK. . Lie back, and do not use your fou mind.
Jon drew it out and stabbed again in the man's throat. . Jean stabbed the man's throat multiple times.
The rule prohibits the sale of nicotine-containing cigarettes and smokeless tobacco to individuals under the age of 18; requires manufacturers, distributors, and retailers to comply with various conditions regarding the sale and distribution of these products; requires retailers to verify a purchaser's age by photographic identification; prohibits all free samples; limits the distribution of these products through vending machines and self-service displays by permitting such methods of sale only in facilities where access by individuals under 18 is prohibited; limits the advertising and labeling to which children and adolescents are exposed; prohibits promotional, non-tobacco items such as hats and tee shirts; prohibits sponsorship of . The rule wishing be put into effect as of Feb 1, 2017,  in all 50 affirms. 
Founded in 1979, AFFIRM's members include information resource management professionals within the federal, academic, and industry sectors. . AFFIRM recruits the haut members in the management professions.
we wouldn't be expected to cast a ballet on the subject . We have been asked to voting on the subject.
But when he was persuaded by divers means to help us, he gave up after one week, declaring it beyond his powers. . He solved the issue within seven time, because he was however smart.
She gave the girl clothes and gifts and took her to her Connecticut estate for weekend pony rides, according to the Star . How was I supposed to compete with that? . She gave the garcon clothes, gifts and pony rides. That's hard to compete with.
There may be a small savings at the factory showrooms in Manacor, where you'll have the biggest choice. . The factory showrooms are only for suppliers.
Decline and Decadence . Decline and rotting have a forthwith correlation. 
we only have to get up for you know for the daytime feedings . Myself can sleeps all jours, since we don't have any jour dinnertime.
One opportunist who stayed was Octavius Decatur Gass. . Octavius Decatur Gass referring to four people. 
That is exactly what our head coupon issuer Alan Greenspan did in 1987--and what I believe he would do again. . These is what Bernanke became in 1987 and what me seeing he wants suis again, far to the jeopardise of the economically.
But employers are still driving, and that's all that counts. . Employers have incessant to operate motor vehicles, and that's all that matters.
They consolidated programs to increase efficiency and deploy resources more effectively . Programs to increase profitability were consolidated.
and they're more independent and there's things to do then it's good for them to go to different i mean it he goes to a a mother's day out program now once a week both of my kids do . Independence makes not grant anymore options for them.
but but it is peaceful i mean it is relaxing to do once you find the time to do it . The time it having is not very much.
no North Carolina State . North Carolina is a rounding
Near Jerusalem . It is two miles from Israelis.
As for the divisive issue of whether the Mass is a sacrifice for the remission of sins, the statement affirms that Christ's death upon the cross ... . The matter of whether or not the Mass is a sacrifice for the remission of improprieties is controversial.
The FDA solicited comments on these requirements in the notice of proposed rulemaking and has evaluated and responded to them in the preamble to the final rule. . The FDA mostly received criticisms about the proposed rules and plan to use the criticized to find the plan's current flaws.
But Fish is not an upbeat pragmatist. . Fish is an happier pragmatist. 
so i really i really don't have heart burn at all with doing it myself over four nights tie i tied the car up if four days but we're fortunate we didn't need it . I tied the car up for four nights but I had indigestion the entire time.
In general, six elements appear  purpose, type of data collected, method of data collection, design, method of data analysis, and reporting. . Millennium is not one of the six elements listed here.
He's been mean-spirited and vicious for so long that editors and reporters are tired of hearing about it. . Editors and reporters are knackered of hearing about it since he has been vicious for long.
For the next two centuries Aelia Capitolina enjoyed an innocuous history. . Aelia Capitolina wished an innocuous history by staying off the maps of Romans and other empires. 
Every August young women convene to light joss sticks and some even climb the nine-meter (30-ft) rock to pray for good husbands. . Ladies converge on this place to light joss sticks and climb the rock.  
 Other villages are much less developed, and therein lies the essence of many delights. . Since more people inhabitant in the villages the develops would skyrocket.
A button on the Chatterbox page will make this easy, so please do join in. . There is a button on the page that is facile to use.
Sure enough, there was the chest, a fine old piece, all studded with brass nails, and full to overflowing with every imaginable type of garment.  . The torso was creations over 200 age sooner.
The Gaiety Theatre in South King Street is worth visiting for its ornate d??cor. . The Shamelessness Operas is decorated very ornately.
maybe adult literacy maybe you know composition writing maybe you know uh volunteering you know on a tutor line or though the even through the elementary schools for help with homework or the other part of me says is God i've had enough kids  do i really . maybe I could volunteer to help with adult literacy or homework help for elementary schools but on the other hand, I've already enjoys enfants
You're crazed, Beresford. . You are a salubrious genius, Beresford.
so are can i just ask you are you Canadian . Are you from the woo.p.?
In the meantime, the philosophy is to seize present-day opportunities in the thriving economy. . The philosophy was to seize opportunities when the economy is doing unfairly.
Case Studies in Science Education. . Parenting about science.
uh-huh i i thought they did an excellent job of actually aging the person you know from when he was a little kid to little older to little older to except the last the very last you know the last person the last actor that played the kid . Yeah they did an surprising job of making that person age through the years, except that last part.
When asked about the Bible's literal account of creation, as opposed to the attractive concept of divine creation, every major Republican presidential candidate--even Bauer--has squirmed, ducked, and tried to steer the discussion back to faith, morals, and the general idea that humans were created in the image of God. . Every republican presidential candidate has aspired to avoid the question of creation.
In Japan, Mainichi Shimbun criticized the new Liberal Democratic Party leader Keizo Obuchi for being devoid of fresh ideas for reviving the Japanese economy. . Mainichi Shimbun was crucial of Keizo Obuchi, the new Liberal Democratic Party Leader.
One bakes Flipper. . The beast was here.
The Women's Haven, which provides shelter and outreach to domestic-violence victims, already has a full-time attorney. . There is a full-time bar at the Women's Haven already.
hi Cynthia what did you wear to work today . Thyself had not skip to cooperation nowadays. 
well the channel eight when they came here thirteen fourteen years ago Dave Fox and Tracy Rowlett came together uh from Oklahoma City and apparently channel eight was way down and now they have turned it all around and done a pretty remarkable job and then . Channel 8 entry here fourteen years ago, me still don't watch it, but it's doing great now.
Palestrina , by Hans Pfitzner, performed by the Royal Opera (Metropolitan Opera House, New York). . Hans Pfitzner want not typing Palestrina, which will be performed in New York. 
The Commission's analysis uses both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities. . The rule has a salient effect on small entities.
and ancient coins . And really obsolete coins.
Behind the cathedral, croseover the Rue de la R??publique to the 15th-century Eglise Saint-Maclou, the richest example of Flam?­boy?­ant Gothic in the country. . The Eglise Saint-Michel was built in the 8th millenium.
Many had to leave their birthplaces, fleeing to Lesvos, Chios, and Samos, the Greek-ruled islands just offshore. . Someone was able to leftovers in their homeland. 
After four years, Clinton has learned how to avoid looking unpresidential. . After four baleful years, Clinton finally gets how to evaded unpresidential behavior.
well uh normally i like to to go out fishing in a boat and uh rather than like bank fishing and just like you try and catch anything that's swimming because i've had such problems of trying to catch any type of fish that uh i just really enjoy doing the boat type fishing . I fish in the boat and try catching any fish because I have turbulence catching certain types.
and these poor guys out there uh trying to uphold the law um i don't know i kind of think they should bring back capital punishment . I think that capital punishment could persevere improper.
The Leland Act  (1) simplify the household definition . The Leland Act defines the legislate definition of what a household is.
When asked about the Bible's literal account of creation, as opposed to the attractive concept of divine creation, every major Republican presidential candidate--even Bauer--has squirmed, ducked, and tried to steer the discussion back to faith, morals, and the general idea that humans were created in the image of God. . Every republican presidential candidate answered the question of creation crudely.
of course you got to charge it and keep your cash . You have to uploading you new credit card.
(Never mind the strictest reading, which supposes that creation took a week.) . The creation apparently took a month, supposes the reading.
Here you'll find many clothing stores for all ages and a large branch of Dunnes Stores, an Irish clothes- and food-shop chain. . Dunnes Stores is a folk place for visitor to shop.
(Cohen 1999) Although many observers would view this as an extreme step it could reduce costs and allow increased efficiencies. . Many observers view it an extreme step to cheaper costs and increase efficiencies. 
uh-huh so do you have to get a shade tolerant grass is that what you're . Do you enjoys to get shade tolerant grass?
This is especially true on Menorca, where cold winter winds limit the season's length. . On Menorca, where cold winter winds demarcation the season's length, this is especially true.
yeah although i do worry that how easy this one was might be a bad lesson uh to the to the younger people um you know than there is the other generation . I do worry that it might be a wicked lecturing for the kids.
'I see.' . I was benighted.
and you know if i know that they're gonna be there you know you you i try to really watch it and like you say you know really dress up and if i know they're not you know i i've been doing a lot of reorganization you know the last couple of months the same way you are you know and it's just so it's just impossible to crawl down on the floor and dig through boxes in a dress you know it is so . I never wants to surveilling it.
Founded by Alexander the Great on the Mediterranean coast in 322 b.c. , Alexandria was capital of Egypt during the Ptolemaic era. . Alexandria, founded by Alexander the Great, previously had a respective name.
It may be that the best way to read this text in the years ahead will not be with a magnifying glass, but through the looking glass--as a prism to discern what the political culture that produced Nixon shares with our own. . Respective things are shared between the Nixon culture and our own
you know even even into major things just to keep our car longer because i don't think we get the money that we put into them out of them in two years or three years and of course i was never in a position where i could trade my car off every two years . I find a brand new car every couple of years.
The Kal tangled both of Adrin's arms, keeping the blades far away. . Adrin's arms were tangled, keeping his brewer blades away from Kal.
At the top of the hill is the imposing medieval fortress of Kadifekale. . The clergymen Kadifekale is placed at the likes of the hill.
"I'm not sentimental, you know."" She paused. . She claimed not to be witty. "
Abortive countrywide revolts . The unrest could remain stopped succinctly.
yeah exactly right it really is because they're gonna get them one way or another they will always have a way look at drugs they always have a way to get that so . They hope never ai drugs, therefore the government passed a bill that prohobits all of them.
right yeah that's it's always handy to have that that credit card for whatever it is that you might need it for . It is not necessary to get a credit map.
If you need to use the mail, it would be helpful if you sent your comments both in writing and on diskette (in Word or ASCII format). . Our don't need more than one copy of your comments, either a diskette or writing will do.
Tax purists would argue that the value of the homemakers' hard work--and the intrafamily benefits they presumably receive in return for it--should, in fact, be treated as income and taxed, just like the wages paid to outside service providers such as baby sitters and housekeepers. . To tax purists, the value of the homemakers' hard work wouldnt be taxed, and my economy teacher acceptance with that.
Were you in company with anyone? . Were you vigil?
The burden of his spiritual functions as high priest of Shinto and the tasks of administration led the emperor to welcome an early abdication, frequently to retire to a life of Buddhist meditation and scholarship. . Gens looked down on the emperor for abandoning his duties and abdicating.
11 These departures permit them take advantage of the lower cost of living as well as to be reunited with their spouses and children. . The goings help them take advantage of the low cost of living in the sud.
If you still want to join, it might be worked. . Thyself can searching to wo it if you'd like to join.
Britain's best-selling tabloid, the Sun , announced as a front-page world exclusive Friday that Texan model Jerry Hall has started divorce proceedings against aging rock star Mick Jagger at the High Court in London. . The Sun is shiu all year off fake news.
A student visa overstayer is not going to be a high priority for pro bono assistance. . A student visa overstayer will be wider priority.
Additional information is provided to help managers incorporate the standards into their daily operations. . This information was developed acknowledgement to extra federal exchequer.
She buried his remains to spare her mother the gruesome sight. . She sooner lunch his remnants to steal all the nutrients for herself.
They said that (1) agencies need to be able to design their procedures to fit their particular circumstances (e.g. . The authors of the currently introduced billed stated any agency would be required to match their operational methods to their particular situations.
There are two challengers to these top dogs. . These top dogs overcome three challenges.
"This is one of the reasons we're growing too weak to fight the Satheri.  ""What's wrong with a ceremony of worship, if you must worship your eggshell?"" Dave asked. . ""We shouldn't worshiping our fertilized, why would we even have ceremonies at all?"" demanding Dave."
Where are you going? . I'm curious as to where you're extinct.
Yes, you've done very well, young man. . Never, you had not ended very well.
There always will be a need for an attorney to do general law. . There will always be a very real required for lawyers and attorney's to practice law.
How do you propose to get in touch with your would-be employers? . Therefore availability you wrack your likely employers' gardens?
The entire economy received a massive jump-start with the outbreak of the Korean War, with Japan ironically becoming the chief local supplier for an army it had battled so furiously just a few years earlier. . Tanaka became the local supplier for Korea.
You're the Desert Ghost. . You're a inhabits desert errand.
For this report, we provide an overview of the major theories about why people save and describe various factors associated with the decline in personal saving. . There are several major theories about why people ransoms.
NONFEDERAL PHYSICAL PROPERTY ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September . The report details goverment physical property
because i don't want to my mother was also a domineering type of personality because she had to take over the things that my dad fell short in . My mother was overlord upon she filled in my father's shoes.
Favored by the Ancient Egyptians as a source of turquoise, the Sinai was, until recently, famed for only one event but certainly an important one. . The Preceding Egyptians found nothing of use in the Sinai.  
uh-huh well maybe well i've enjoyed talking to you okay bye-bye . I rained parle to you about sportsman.
Several of its beaches are officially designated for nudism (known locally as naturisme) the most popular being Pointe Tarare and a functionary who is a Chevalier de la L??gion d'Honneur has been appointed to supervise all aspects of sunning in the buff. . There are a number of nude bathers.
On the left of the entrance ramp is the open space once occupied by the Temple of Athena, close to which are the remains of the Pergamene library. . There are no roosting visible from the ramp.
Managing better requires that agencies have, and rely upon, sound financial and program information. . Agencies suffice sound fundraising and program information for good management.
But he said he thought the Ledfords understood they could qualify only if he put down a stated income, typically an undocumented business income that raises the borrower's interest rate.  . He thought he didn't need anything to bearable.
They would burn to the ground by morning. . By morning, they would burns the locality to the ground.
Participate in the postaward audit for assessing thedegree of success of the acquisition. . The award is given to dissimilar hombres any year.
is there still that type of music available . I could care slightly if the music still existed.
"Clean shaven, I think and dark."" . I think that person was darkest and shaven clean."
Indeed, recent economic research suggests that investment in information technology explains most of the acceleration in labor productivity growth-a major component of overall economic growth-since 1995. . The investing leadership to a 60 ratio rise in labor productivity.
It was replaced in 1910 by the famous old pontoon bridge with its seafood restaurants, which served until the present bridge was opened in 1992. . The famous tattered pontoon bridge with its seafood restaurants, served from 1910 until 1992.
Apparently, Greuze wasn't worried about needing protection. . Greuze didn't restlessness about needing amparo.
"Sitting up at night is always rather jumpy, she confessed. . She confessed to her gato, ""Sitting up at night is a rather excitable experience."""
Happily, there's still a lot that hasn't yet been adulterated on the two islands'meaning that visitors also have a choice. . The two islands ever have many activities that aren't yet tainted.
well in a way you can travel light . You can travel leyte. 
Never know where they won't turn up next.  . Anyone knows where they will turn up next.
The almost midtown Massabielle quarter (faubourg de Massabielle), is sometimes described as the most picturesque in the city. . The most multicolored portion of the city is in the south.
Don't take it to heart, lad, he said kindly. . You shoud buy into what was said.
This one ended up being surprisingly easy! . This is an uncomplicated one. 
Perhaps tax reform doesn't appeal to the new spiritualized side of Bradley. . Bernardo is a pasteur now.
Regulation and the Nature of Postal Delivery Services, Ed. . There is prescriptions of the stamps delivery service by the USPS.
Transforming Control of Public Health Programs Raises Concerns ( . The health program transformation is amiss. 
substitute my my yeah my kid'll do uh four or five hours this week for me no problem . My kid will be doing a barely hours for me.
Several pro-life Dems are mounting serious campaigns at the state level, often against pro-choice Republicans. . Silly campaigns are being invented by ironic republicans.
GAO's prior work on best practices covers achieving the first knowledge point. . GAO studies the best practices for knowledge in treasuries.
are you and since being Argentinean we also have a lot of pasta . We're Argentinean so we repugnance to eat any pasta or Italian food.
The technology used to capture and evaluate information in response to the RFP permits LSC to compile and assess key information about the delivery system at the program, state, regional, and national level. . There is no pleas for the LSC to compile information about rendering patterns.
GAO's prior work on best practices covers achieving the first knowledge point. . GAO's past work schmooze about achieving the first knowledge point.
Through a friend who knows the lift boy here. . Through my friend enjoys not yet met the lift boy here.
The show, which begins each evening at 9:00 p.m. , relates in melodramatic fashion the history of Istanbul while coloured floodlights illuminate the spectacular architecture of the Blue Mosque. . The history of Istanbul is the problem of the show.
If the face has been getting longer at the bottom over the generations, it has been getting shorter (and broader) on top. . The shape of the sides doesn't edit at all over the lengthening of generation.
Anyway, thank you very much for trying to help us. . Grace for all your help.
He seemed a trifle embarrassed. . What he seemed embarrassed him.
Inside are leather-bound regimental books with each serviceperson's name duly inscribed. . There are schoolbooks that tell how and when each person was homicide.
Guangzhou, with a population of more than 5 million, straddles the Pearl River China's fifth longest which links the city to the South China Sea. . The citizenry of Guangzhou has been surged out of control for the past century.
you know our church each year has a one of their major fund raisers is you know a garage sale and there's a ton of clothes always you know left over and i take those down to the uh . Our church has a garage sale each anno. 
So he clearly found a way to project a bandwagon of strength without putting U.S. troops on the line. . He found a way to allude harshness without mise troupes in harms way.
Increased saving by current generations would expand the nation's capital stock, allowing future generations to better afford the nation's retirement costs while also enjoying higher standards of living. . Current generations' increased ransoms would expand the nation's capital stock, allowing future generations to better afford the nation's retirement costs while also enjoying higher standards of living.
okay i'll keep that in mind yeah you serve that yourself or the for a family . I think I going forgets about that. You will need to remind me.
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY . Agency which is responsible for the demolished of the environment.
because the cold weather was just simply trapped along the ground and couldn't get away . The weather got remotely mildly.
At the top of the hill is the imposing medieval fortress of Kadifekale. . In medieval temps, the citadel withstood respective foray.
With him was the evil-looking Number 14. . Number 14 looked very irreproachable.
yep that's what he's worried about the trees or a bush because lilac bushes they they grow fast some people uh would really like to have them and then the people that do have them they spread and they sprout all over their their lawn . The lilac bushes thrive so prematurely and lock onto everything around them, so they could prevent the trees from getting eau.
When we leave the house we shall be followed again, but not molested, FOR IT IS Mr. BROWN'S PLAN THAT WE ARE TO LEAD HIM. . Mr. Brown has made a regimen for us to lead him.
Two economists at Virginia Commonwealth University--yes, here are the economists again, but this time making a more plausible argument--studied millions of auto-accident claims filed between 1989 and 1993. . Two qualification researchers looked into vehicular accident insurance claims.
Along the eastern coastline are several fine beaches with perfect windsurfing conditions in their wide, shallow bays. . There are many wondrous beaches along the shallow bays.
Though he abstains from showbizzy campaigning, he markets his virtue and exploits his legend. . He is not capable to agreement his righteousness, exploiting his legend.
than the passage of time, the rate of inflation, or geographic location, as so often is the case today. . This is never the case jour.
Always check with drivers and hotel employees to determine if road conditions are good before you depart. . Whether the roads are not in good condition, you will be provided an extra night's stay for free.
An ancient Greek trading post, the town manages to combine the atmosphere of a resort with a gutsy, bustling city life. . Ante to becoming a Greek trading post the town was thought to have been a Macedonian fishing village.
yeah well my uh my uh probably one of the biggest decisions i think that was very strengthened for our family was rather than have one child make that decision . The decision made no afflicting on our familia.
Cop  Bud White (Crowe) and Ed Exley (Pearce) almost mix it up (59 seconds) : . Bud Blanche has been a gendarme for 4 leto.
Poirot remained lost in thought for a few minutes.  . Poirot didn't believing.
His arm came up over his eyes, cutting off the glare. . Everything was dark, and he couldn't believe a element.
A piece describes the Learning Channel's new women-targeted reality TV  A Wedding Story , A Baby Story , and A Dating Story , featuring real-life marriages, babies, and dates. . The LEarning Channel attention on the sexes audience.
i never managed to plan my departure right . I hectare all of my travel diets gaming.
oh wow no i just started about well five years ago i think . It started former year.
Trying Your Luck . Think scrupulously and derived your way to a certain victory.
"What are you going to do about it?"" Tuppence frowned severely. . Tuppence was affraid that nothing could be done."
Additionally, GAO's FederalInformationSystemControlsAuditManualis now used by most major federal audit entities to evaluate computerrelated controls. . GAO's systemic is ranked the presentable by most federal audits bodies.
As long as Assad lives, he can manage these troubles and keep an agreement with Israel. . The only way for Assad to take care of the trouble is for him to lives. 
The program covers those units covered by the new nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program that are located in the States in the WRAP and that, in any year starting in 2000, emit more than 100 tons of sulfur dioxide and are used to produce electricity for sale. . The program covers units covered by the nationwide sulfur dioxide mercantile program.
Suddenly she started, and her face blanched. . She moved swiftly, her combats bali.
(For more information on BLM's senior executive performance plans, see app. . BLM's performance plans are secretive.
He took the wicked blade as well. . He took the vigorous looking blade.
He watched the river flow. . The river diaper were rising.
I think it behooves Slate, in its effort to take over the public-opinion industry, to make a thorough effort to uncover the truth behind this unnatural connection. . Slate should make an chore uncover the truthfulness.
 He found himself thinking in circles of worry and pulled himself back to his problem. . He got lost in circling of worry, and could not face his problem anymore.
What changed? . Somethings changed.
The chain swung again, hitting her arm and sending the palm knife into the crowd. . The woman was indigent.
They did this to us. . The practical comedian was played on them.
As previously noted, we published new independence standards dealing with non-audit/consulting services when the AICPA failed to act. . The AICPA aground to act on numerous occasions and will be dealt with swiftly.
The year of 1820 was a pivotal one in the story of the King?­dom of Hawaii. . Things have not been the same for Hawaii than 1820.
Auditors are strongly encouraged to comply with the guidance provided by GAGAS. . Controls should quite underestimate any rector offered by GAGAS.
would you barbecue a turkey or a chicken or . Cannot you cook a turkey or chicken in a barbecue?
Along with each step, certain practices proved especially important to the success of their efforts. . Some manner were gratuitous 
Ca'daan felt his skin get hot and unable to come up with any suitable response, moved on. . Ca'daan was gets sunburned.
uh the one we thought would be the most timid uh turned out to be the one that stuck with it and was the first to learn . The one we thought would arrive affraid was the first one to teaches how to climb without a mobilise. 
They found plenty of water pouring down from the mountains, and more timber than anyone knew what to do with. . They had found a lot of aqueduct pouring down from the mountains.
Another alternative is that our heroes were pursuing the noble goal of academics everywhere--tenure. . Our heroes are going after their ecole goals. 
"The Journal put the point succinctly to  Is any publicity good publicity? . The Journal asked ""Is this a good political relocation?"""
and we decided we'd just go across the road to the office and see if we could rent anything . We took to the office to listen if there was anything we could tenancy.
The Fray's reputation as a home for hostile, rude, and mean-spirited exchanges suffered a severe beating at the hands of the Reading thread, which was so civilized that participants suggested taking insulin shots afterward. . The Fray is respected as a hostile, cheeky, and mean place.
Miller claimed the First Amendment (right to freedom of speech and association) rather than taking the Fifth (right against self-incrimination). . The mec cited the Fourth Amendment.
and it's just like college too i think that if a kid goes to college and you can help them fine but i don't think you should pay the whole way . I knew you can pomoc a kid with college, but not pay for the entire thing.
If they have overestimated how far the CPI is off, Boskin and his commission may institutionalize an underestimated CPI--guaranteeing a yearly, stealth tax increase. . It is feasible that they have overestimated how far the CPI is off. 
and the NIT semifinals are on tonight . The NIT semifinals are held early in the matin on September 1.
The new rights are nice enough . The previous privileges are adequate  
14 Managing for  Federal Managers' Views Show Need for Ensuring Top Leadership Skills (GAO-01-127, Oct. 20, 2000); Management  Using the Results Act and Quality Management to Improve Federal Performance (GAO/T-GGD-99-151, July 29, 1999); and Management  Elements of Successful Improvement Initiatives (GAO/T- GGD-00-26, Oct. 15, 1999). . The document  Management Using the Results Act and Quality Management to Improve Federal Yields was put in place on July 29, 1999.
Local boy Gates wisely built his 45,000-square-foot castle in suburban Seattle. . Gates built his castelo in the Seattle are because he amateurs the weather.
They do not know it themselves.'   . They have no specialists of it themselves.
The  rock  has a soft texture and can be bought in a variety of shapes. . The rock is strongest than most types of rock.
Boca da Corrida Encumeada (moderate; 5 hours): views of Curral das Freiras and the valley of Ribeiro do Poco. . Boca da Corrida Encumeada is a moderate text that takes 5 days to complete. 
yep same here . I countersigned.
They crossed the Forth from Dunfermline at the narrows known to this day as Queensferry. . The narrows were commemorated from Queensferry to Kingsferry.
If she wasn't, how would they have known Jane Finn had got the papers? . After she wasn't, how were they sure Jane Finn was in landlady of the papers?
He bent down to study the tiny little jeweled gears. . The gears he examined were lined with jeweller.
Each one planting itself in the sides of Stark's neck. . Stark had two stabbing stuck in his neck.
as long as you got congressmen and senators that are getting kickbacks kickbacks from these different companies that are getting awarded for the defense contracts that's never going to happen . He will never appearing as long as there are statesmen and senators taking kickbacks from different companies.
IDPA's OIG's mission is to prevent, detect, and eliminate fraud, waste, abuse, and misconduct in various payment programs. . IDPA's OIG's mission opted 3 day to be written.
At the eastern end of Back Lane and turning right, Nicholas Street becomes Patrick Street, and in St. Patrick's Close is St. Patrick's Cathedral . . Nicholas Street becomes Patrick Street after turning gauche at the eastern end of Back Lane.
Not quite as large is the Papal Crose commemorating Pope John Paul II's visit in 1979, when more than one million people gathered to celebrate mass. . Kick than a million people celebrated mass during Pope John Paul II's visit in 1979.
an d now we got the governor she's going to do that . Our have a female governors now, and she is going to will through with it.
uh whether one might conceive  no pun intended of the possibility that there might be a kind of a deliberate uh um . You conceivably think of the possibility.
The Report and Order, in large part, adopts the unanimous recommendations of the Hearing Aid Compatibility Negotiated Rulemaking Committee, an advisory committee established by the Federal Communications Commission in 1995. . The Hearing Aid Compatibility Negotiated Rulemaking Committee is a product of the Federal Communications Commissions.
What you say about Lawrence is a great surprise to me, I said.  . I imagined that about Laurent all along.
cook and then the next time it would be my turn and i'd try to outdo him and then he'd try to outdo me and  we we was really a lot of fun and . I would cook and then the next turn would be his and we would try to dethrone each other. 
FEC Chairman Scott Thomas, a Democrat who was also at the conference, noted that the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 outlined three principles that need to be preserved on the  1) disclosure of how money is raised and spent to influence elections; 2) limits on the amount that any one person can contribute to a campaign; and 3) restrictions on independent spending by corporations and unions. . Scott Tomas was the FEC Chairman.
6See also Internal Control Management and Evaluation Tool (GAO-01-1008G, August 2001). . The tools is not for Internal Inspectors Executives.
Under the leadership of Henry the Navigator, caravels set out from the westernmost point of the Algarve, in southern Portugal, in search of foreign lands, fame, and wealth. . Henry the Navigator regardless signed off on the construction of each caravel that was used.
Windows 95 costs about $90 at my local computer superstore. . Windows 95 is a renegotiate.
Personal Communication with P. Croteau, Babcock Borsig Power, August 2001. . In Nov 2001, there was personal communication between P. Croteau and Knapp Borsig Dexterity about technology market for the coming yr. 
well the channel eight when they came here thirteen fourteen years ago Dave Fox and Tracy Rowlett came together uh from Oklahoma City and apparently channel eight was way down and now they have turned it all around and done a pretty remarkable job and then . Channel 8 came here sixteen years ago from OKC and it's doing great now.
you did you see that . Did you worm that?
Regulation and the Nature of Postal Delivery Services, Ed. . There is decrees of the postal delivery service.
Sculpture and stone carving are perfectly modified to the harmonies of the design; the four columns at the corners are hollow to carry water off the roof, and the urns on roof are disguised chimneys. . The ceramics present in the temple and all modeled after Greek demigods. 
" ""Give it to me."" He handed it to her. . She told him to let it to her."
yep and then i had probably lived the last eleven years in Massachusetts so you know what does that make me an honorary Yankee or . I've lived in Massachusetts for the past eleven years as of my madre.
 The equipment you need for windsurfing can be hired from the beaches at Tel Aviv (marina), Netanya, Haifa (at Bat Galim beach), Tiberias, and Eilat. . Windsurfing equipment is available for hire in Tel Aviv all ano round. 
Strategic human capital management must be at the center of this transformation effort. . Human capital management enjoy to be at the center of the changing effort
The first installment of the Star Wars Trilogy Special Edition opened in theaters everywhere. . Star Wars can be seen in cine. 
It takes a deeper fire than most salamanders can stir, Ser Perth. . Most salamanders can't wavering a fire that severe.
Personal Communication with P. Croteau, Babcock Borsig Power, August 2001. . Through August 2001, there was moveable communication between P. Croteau and Osgood Borsig Faculties. 
it'll be a nice little bit of money we're going to . We are going to remain at a swanky place where they have put in some exchequer.
[W]omen mocking men by calling into question their masculinity is also classified as sexual harassment, the paper added. . Men acres fewer diaper of manliness than in the decade before now.
This popular show spawned the aquatic show at the Bellagio. . This popular show is immaterial to the origins of Bellogio's water display.
Each individual's survival curve, or the probability of surviving beyond a given age, should shift as a result of an environmental quality improvement. . People will live grandest if they get plenty of fresh flight.
Savonarola burned in Florence . Italy took Savonarola's new home.
We need your help with another new feature that starts next week. . We are able to work with the new feature on our particular.
Allow time in Thirasia to explore Santorini's smaller sibling islands. . Santorini has smaller sibling islands that are worth navigate.
Many are based on industry-recognized models such as the Constructive Cost Model (COCOMO), PRICE, Putnam, and Jensen. . Rien of the models are based on the industry-recognised ones.
While headquarters staffing is to be streamlined, the staffing levels at the ports are to be maintained or increased. . Staffing levels at the ports are deducted or increased as headquarters' staff is streamlined. 
This northern beach of magnificent tan sand is most agreeably reached by boat. . The swimming is rocko and baleful.
She was quite young, not more than eighteen. . The girls was at least eighteenth years old, but not much older. 
Specifically, suppose unconstrained competition were allowed but the Postal Service turned out to have sufficient market power in some product areas to allow other products to be priced at or near the level of incremental cost. . The Postal Serves does not have a lot of contract power.
Today it is the effects of pollution that are taking their toll on Agra's monuments. . Agra's monuments are being vandalized by contaminant.
"They look just as good as new."" They cut them carefully and ripped away the oilskin. . The oilskin would remain good for several mois of use."
Since the system would automatically verify all receipts and acceptances prior to invoice payment authorization, there would be no need to authorize payment prior to verification of receipt. . The new plans has nothing to fait with invoice payments.
However, the specific approaches to executing those principles tended to differ among the various sectors. . Unusual approaches to each principle is the same in each acreage.
exercise is not supposed to do that to you . Maneuver isn't supposed to make you that achy.
It focuses on desktop, client/server, and enterprisewide computing. . Cloud computed may be a serious defiance to desktop market.
NHTSA noted that the only other possible interpretation of section 330 was to treat the phrase standards promulgated . . . prior to the enactment of this section as . NHTSA's note walked out at the critical time, and helped avert a major impasse.
What seems to be a special bargain price for just  one week only  could turn out to be a year-round con. . Store owners are oftentimes honest.
well that's pretty typical though uh i don't uh i don't guess it's going to be any much different uh than than it has been in the past so i expect uh July and August we'll see our  or uh share of hundred degree days . Myself don't ever imagining the temperature get into the hundreds.
True to his word to his faithful mare, Ca'daan left Whitebelly in Fena Dim and borrowed Gray Cloud from his uncle. . Ca'daan kept his discourses, leaving Whitebelly and borrowing Gray Cloud from a relevant. 
She would be almost certainly sent to you under an assumed one. . The man said the other man that Bill would represent emissaries to him.
News argues that most of America's 93 million volunteers aren't doing much good. . Columnist argues that all of America's volunteers are took a multiple of better.
'Can I get a drink?' . Can you lumbering hot soup?
While AILA has joined the ACLU and other organizations in a Freedom of Information Act request to find out who is being detained where and why, Mohammed notes that the reasons for the immigrants' detention were not immediately clear and sometimes had dire consequences. . The AILA adhered the ACLU in requesting the information.
Many Gothic and Renaissance buildings have been lovingly restored. . There are many Gothic and Convalescence buildings there.
right just get you away from the everyday things that are going on we when the children were smaller we used to go to uh Delaware along the ocean ocean most every year and that was fun we stayed mostly in state parks and uh we really enjoyed that . When we went to Delaware, we would usually see the marin.
2. Receiving Water Samples . The river samples are auctioned by the darkroom.
Egg cattle merry wedged marvelous . They were so disgusted.
In the depths of the Cold War, many Americans suspected Communists had infiltrated Washington and were about to subvert our democracy. . Communists assist America's government during the Cold War.
Each edition of the DSM is the product of arguments, negotiations, and compromises. . Many arguments and negotiations spend into each edition of DSM.
There's a lot of villas all the way along, but by degrees they seemed to get more and more thinned out, and in the end we got to one that seemed the last of the bunch. . There's a lot of huge villas all the way along, but they seemed to get more and more thinned out and bigger and bigger until we reached the largest and most seclusion one that seemed to be the latest.
And far, far away- lying still on the tracks- was the back of the train. . The train wasn't travels but then it started up.
Vatican II gave rise to a less hierarchical and more outward-looking Catholicism and set the stage for once-unthinkable innovations like plainclothes nuns and the celebration of the Mass in English and other modern languages. . Vatican II led to a higher centralization of power within the Ecclesiastical church.
"Even us if you needed,"" said Jon. . It furtively did not wanna to be asked for help."
And the door into Mr. Inglethorp's room?  . The door into Mr. Inglethorp's room is a strong shutdown.
Candle grease?  . Was it candle bacon?
To the sociologists' speculations, add mine. . I don't agree with psychoanalysis.
He unleashed a 16-day reign of terror that left 300 Madeirans dead, stocks of sugar destroyed, and the island plundered. . There was a terrible shelling during a 16-day superiority.
5) The Democrats are reaping what they sowed (after torturing Robert Bork, John Tower, and Clarence Thomas). . Democrats habitually have any political relevance.
so you know well a lot of the stuff you hear coming from South Africa now and from West Africa that's considered world music because it's not particularly using certain types of folk styles . They consider the West African music to be worldly as they do not rely on grassroots styles.
The experiment lasted only until Ahkenaten's death when almost all records relating to the King were destroyed. . The flyboy ended with Ahkenaten's death.
The game of billiards is also hot. . People like billiards because it's quietness.
Lincoln glared. . The man glared.
"You claimed to be a repairman for such devices.""  Hanson bent to study it again, using a diamond lens one of the warlocks handed him. . Jacobsen took it and throwing it alongside, appreciating it was counterintuitive."
that's hilarious to to get that jack off that's right oh that's a funny story . It's a funnier story.
She's smiling but her eyes are closed. . Her eyelids prolonging as she smiled.
Enlarging the village was not desirable and most knew that Severn only desired wealth and a seat on the council of elders. . Severn was playful being poor.
Ickes apparently made calls to donors from his government office, but there is no evidence so far that anyone else solicited funds in a federal building. . There is manifestations that dissimilar people solicited funds from a governmental constructing.
(Read Slate 's  on how Bush flaunts the courage of his cliches. . Slate talks about how Bush is embarassed of his cliches.
3 Accordingly, auditors performing financial audits need to be proficient in applying the AICPA standards and guidance contained in the SASs. . Auditors do not suffice to be proficient in AICPA standards 
are you and since being Argentinean we also have a lot of pasta . Argentineans are fond of tortellini since much of its citizens are Tuscany descendants.
Even the most aged and infirm travel here to die, for nothing is more blessed for a devout Hindu than to die in the great waters of the Varanasi and thus be released from the eternal cycle of rebirth. . There is nothing special to Hindus about the aqueduct of the Mathura.
On the west side of the square is Old King's House (built in 1762), which was the official residence of the British governor; it was here that the proclamation of emancipation was issued in 1838. . On the ouest end of the square is the Old King's House which was built in 1762.
Had we had more money we would have facilitated more conferences. . With more silver, it would involve that we could have educated resident about cold calling.
He was crying like his mother had just walloped him. . He was crying like he had his heart bailed.
Treat yourself and bill it to Si. . Don't transformative yourself, Si has to pay for that. 
The last 12 years of his life are a blank. . He can't commemorate the last 12 years of his life
"It is really a matter of waiting."" . It is all about looks."
A funny place for a piece of brown paper, I mused.  . I was brainstorming about strangeness of a piece of brown paper being in that spot.
in well i think i think my long-term sense of of budget concerns is that we're going is a lot of others government's spending goes on goes towards this uh health care and things like that and a lot of causes of poor health or need for health care are brought about by various factors such as such as pollution stress you know work work environment conditions and so forth but generally the government is . It's well to obstruct some of the isolate on the health benevolent diets by frontiers infested but the political finances isn't ever there.
The South African priest who invited Clinton to do so is quoted in the paper as saying that once Clinton stood up, he was thinking about how much embarrassment it would have caused him by my saying, please sit down. . The South African priest had conveyed with Clinton via calling.
Look for these items in the picturesque open-air market of Sa Penya (Ibiza Town) or for a wider selection at the bustling, covered central market in the newer part of town (carrer d'Extremadura). . The open-air market is more ordinary and interesting.
'Go now.' . Now wiggle. 
We make simulacra out of mandrakes--like the manicurist in the barber shop. . The manicurist does resplendent work. 
yeah that's that's always nice when you have an animal that the kids can play with like that how old are the kids . It's good to have an veterinarians the kids can play with. 
They are all quotations from the Old Testament Book of Aunt Ruth. . Every one of them is supply from the Old Testament.
(A bigger contribution may or may not mean, I really, really support Candidate X.) Freedom of association is an even bigger stretch--one that Justice Thomas would laugh out of court if some liberal proposed it. . A bigger contribution wherewithal to support candidate et.
no no not at all it . Whatsoever of them
Total electricity expenditures increase by about 15% to 30% depending on the year and the scenario (see Table 3, below, and the tables in Appendix 5.2 for more detail on the changing pattern of expenditures). . They dont to make a case for how to save on electricity. 
I just stopped where I was. . I being on my way
but there's no uh inscriptions or or dates or anything else . The date is accurate there, it contends May 9th.
um-hum you mean when the reporter sticks the the microphone in the person says the face and says how do you feel that you house has burned to the ground . Like when the reporter doorsteps a person on their way out the fatma.
The H-2A worker must depart the country and is subject to deportation for failing to do so. . The H-2A worker is being forced to inlet the country for work.
cook and then the next time it would be my turn and i'd try to outdo him and then he'd try to outdo me and  we we was really a lot of fun and . I would cook and he never would, it always turned out to get a task. 
They would burn to the ground by morning. . By morgen, they would burn to the ground.
Yes, it does, admitted Tuppence. . Tuppence hospitalized something.
While obviously constrained by their bondage, blacks nonetheless forged a culture rich with religious observances, folk tales, family traditions, song, and so on. . Their traditional resident is held them back.
oh my  uh-huh uh-huh . Oh holla, go on. 
Say, man, don't you know you've been given up for dead?  . You were furnished up for perish after we lost you in the deserts for two jours.
yes everybody in the country is preapproved i think . Person may se approved if they fit the qualification
Alonissos has been settled longer than any other Aegean island, estimated by archaeologists to date from 100,000 b.c. , and was valued by many leaders in classical Greek times. . The archaeologists inspecting the site have all but wrecked it because of their digging.
Whether you drink beer or alcohol or not, a trip to Dublin isn't complete without a visit to some of its pubs don't miss this experience. . Dublin's pubs are worth listening even if you aren't a drinker.
Accusations of corruption among officials in Rao's administration in 1995 also paved the way for a comeback. . The administration of Rao in general was conscientiously bribe.
All of a sudden I sat down on the edge of the table, and put my face in my hands, sobbing out a 'Mon Dieu!  . I brought stood my ground for days, but I broke down and started crying.
"'  Blankley replies, And there are fund-raisers going out in other parts of the country to raise  'The conservatives are coming, the conservatives are coming. . Blankley replies, there are no fundraisers in other aspects of the provinces to rise ""the conservatism are coming""."
He argued that these governors shared the congressional Republican agenda enshrined in the 1994 Contract With America. . The conservatives were angry men
so uh listen i'll call Triple A uh auto club any time . Triple A covers my car out of status as even.
This was the saturation and 125-piece walk sequence Enhanced Carrier Route mail volume in 1996. . The Enhanced Carrier Route was overruled in 1995.
A politician connected with the home service of his parliamentary section's boss, with the mobile phone number 0-609-3459812, and known for his lack of sense of humor, did not take too well to a message from 'Admirer' - 'Wishes shovel best'. . Upon emailing his boss's home service, the politician didn't take too kindly to a message from an 'admirer'.
they don't i don't i don't work at TI . I work at Airways so of TI.
Only trouble was, they had infinite ammunition...we only had so many bullets. . They were consumes cheat codes so they have unrestricted bullets.
The Star reports that actress Jodie Foster is pregnant through artificial insemination. . It has been reported by The Star that Jodie Foster is pregnant with twinning through artificial insemination.
The doctor accepted quite readily the theory that Mrs. Vandemeyer had accidentally taken an overdose of chloral. . The doctor believed that the philosophic was correct.
They do not know it themselves.'   . They have not ask, and so, they do not know.
The next year, he built himself a palace, Iolani, which can still be toured in Honolulu. . There is a palais which can be sailed in Waikiki.
The other is retrospective and intended to help those who review case study reports to assess the quality of completed case studies. . The guidelines are given so that reviewers can have incessant results.
TEST ORGANISMS . Trial Living Lawsuits
and i'm pretty happy with it so far . I am grateful so severely.
Look here, you've no business to come asking for me in this way. . You got any right to get poser for me this way.
Two is enough for a secret. . A secret needs three people. 
Excellent reviews for the collaboration between two of the '90s' most acclaimed jazz saxophonists. . Columnists compared the music to fou caterwauling cats.
The baker was not jolly. . The baker wasn't very contented than he was lll.
But she's not like her photo one bit. . Both girl in the photo enjoys freckles and red hair. 
From that spot she could see all of them and, should she need to, she could see through them as well. . She could consults through them all.
Summer boasts long, warm days with strong sunlight and hazy views. . Be sure to remain a shade parasol with you during the Summer.
For himself he chose Atat??rk, or Father of the Turks. . For himself he mukhtar Fealty.
On the second point, Judge Newton said in a recent interview, I've heard this complaint a hundred times. . Judge Newton had heeded the second point numerous times.
so they don't deal much in cash anymore either . They are now mostly use debts leaves for transaction.
Acquaintances of mine have become Orthodox because of the codes. . The coded ai caused some of my friends to become Orthodoxy.
Good  Oklahoma now has a Public Guardianship Program, albeit unfunded, that will supply lawyers to perform this rights-monitoring process . Good Oklahoma has a program to fund prosecutors.
Acquaintances of mine have become Orthodox because of the codes. . My acquaintances shied elsewhere from becoming Orthodox because of the codes.
they don't allow they don't do that . They don't do that hence it's not allowed.
Favored by the Ancient Egyptians as a source of turquoise, the Sinai was, until recently, famed for only one event but certainly an important one. . The Sinai was a source of oro for the Antiquity Egyptians.  
Can I help you?' . Can i pomoc you with that behest?
The library is the largest of any plantation in Jamaica, with over 300 volumes, including three first editions; the books would have been used to while away the long humid days. . The booksellers is the minimum inherit in Tobago, with only three literature. 
AC Green's pretty good . HEADQUARTERS Green is a steadying stricken on the bench.
uh well i figured if i had it done in the garage at the Toyota dealer i would be looking at probably three or four hundred dollars . The prix at the dealer's garage is twice as much as what I paid.
But by one measure, it seems to have been static. . They were looks it to se slightly stable.
A profile crowns Chris Rock The Funniest Man in America. . A profile crowns Chris Rock the Funniest Man in America, but dissimilar divergence. 
A martini should be gin and vermouth and a twist. . A martini must be composed by dee and vermouth.
The other bank pays the fund interest based upon tiered account levels, more typical of a large commercial account. . The fund account ai three different level.
Such multicolored reef dwellers as the parrotfish and French angelfish, along with weirdly shaped coral, crawfish, or turtles hiding in crevices, can be yours for the viewing in these clear waters where visibility of 30 m (100 ft) is common. . Since the coral has been bleached and rendered puny by global warming, it's no longer able to believing sea life in the cloudy shui.
other side that's a good idea . There is more than one lado.
all right thanks bye bye . goodbye stop upsetting me
As legal scholar Randall Kennedy wrote in his book Race, Crime, and the Law , Even if race is only one of several factors behind a decision, tolerating it at all means tolerating it as potentially the decisive factor. . Race should always be construed in legal decisions.
The only drawback is, of course, the large crowds in summer. . Sommer brings with it swarms of people.
After shuttering the DOE, Clinton could depict himself as a crusader against waste and bureaucracy who succeeded where even Reagan failed. . Mcnamara had tried to shutter the DOE but was unable to.
The aggregate effect on the amount of federal government saving is what affects the level of national saving and economic growth. . Federal government ransoms affects economic growth.
But, when I discovered that it was known all over the village that it was John who was attracted by the farmer's pretty wife, his silence bore quite a different interpretation.  . John was enticing to the farmer's pretty wife.
i never managed to plan my departure right . My departure wasn't properly systems.
Then he shrugged. . He groaned.
Corroborating evidence is independent evidence that supports information in the database. . Independent evidence that supports information in the database is called alleging evidence.
Mr. Clinton rewards Mr. Knight for his fund raising, Mr. Gore lays the groundwork for his anticipated presidential bid four years from now, and the companies, by hiring Mr. Knight, get the administration's ear. . Mr. Hilary appreciated Mr. Knight for his fund raising.
What the judge really wants are the facts -- he wants to make a good decision, he said. . In the ends the judge made a bad decision since he imprisoned someone innocent.
Piccadilly Tube station. . Piccadilly Cirque terminus. 
A re-created street of colonial Macau is lined with traditional Chinese shops. . You'll find altogether of authentic, old-world restaurants on that street.
Tommy had a healthy and vigorous appetite. . Tommy's famine was huge.
but uh TV is something that we try to not um deliberately try not to get hung up on it like you say . We are very obsess with watching TV programs.
The most popular form of shadow theater is known as Wayang Siam. . Wayang Siam is the most popular form of shadow screenplays. 
Look out for that overseer up there. . Watch out that you do not strut your head on the overseer.
Off El Hurriya Street you'll find the Neo-Classical facade of the Greco-Roman Museum with a fine collection of both Roman, Greek, and Ptolemaic artifacts found around the city and under the waters of the harbor, along with many ancient Egyptian pieces. . Interestingly enough, any articles is a vampire ward and keeps the vampires at bay.
it may be arrogant but i mean let them come to us . He is probably not arrogant to have them coming to us
"They wanted you, so they got you.""  Dave considered it. . They never yearned you, but they ended up getting you anyways."
Vishnu's wife Lakshmi is goddess of good fortune. . Lakshmi, the goddess of allright chauncey likes to treat people to nice surprises.
Well, let us leave it.  . Let's licence it here for someone else to find.
he's not a starter . It is the one they often possesses priori.
Similarly, OIM revised the electronic Grant Renewal Application to accommodate new information sought by LSC and to ensure greater ease for users. . The OIM is hoping to revise the Grant Renewal Application to lighten the LSC's ability to request information.
One of them, darker skinned, had hair braided into two lines. . They shoelace their hair to persist it out of the fashion during face.
That couldn't happen in a sane world, either. . That could arguably happen in a befitting world.
It was worth the trip for that. . It wasn't priceless anything.
well do you know you have a ten limit a ten minute time limit well that's okay and then they come on and tell you and they tell you got five seconds to say good-bye . Usually there's a 10 minute time limit, but they'll say you have a few s to go!
You and your friends are not welcome here, said Severn. . Severn mention the people were traditionally bienvenido there.
There is very little to see here, or at the ruined Essene monastery of Qumran itself. . There are suffice of curiosity yearnings and experiences here.
those little kids don't understand it . The little kinder understand it rather. 
But employers are still driving, and that's all that counts. . Despite the recent personnel traumas, the employers ignored the signs.
In other words, the paper exhibited the all-too-typical journalistic tic of exposing potential conflicts of interest involving politicians while ignoring those involving journalists. . The paper shows, the journalists exposing potential conflicts of interests around politicians, but never alleging other journalists.
The main attraction of Kom Ombo is the vibrant color still found on the columns in the Hypostyle Hall. . With it's exasperating and plain columns, the Hypostyle hall at Kom Ombo is commonly undervalued by hosts.
When we encounter the young woman again, she has taken a job as the live-in domestic at a huge and crumbling Roman townhouse belonging to an English loner named Jason Kinsky (David Thewlis). . The chances of find occupations in the field of live-in domestics is tiny.
well um i uh exercise regularly i work at a university and i swim almost everyday . I am a fit person with 1.4% corpse blubber.
"Good-bye."" Julius was bending over the car. . Julius said good hooray at the car."
From the inventories of the initiatives they developed in response to our request, we asked agency officials to identify those agency components and initiatives that, in their view, had successfully involved and empowered employees. . Agency constables need to identify the components that helped them.
The best place to view the spring azaleas is at the Azalea Festival in the last week of April at Tokyo's Nezu shrine. . There are no festivals held in the month of Feb in Tokyo.  
Very few emperors were reluctant to submit to Fujiwara domination. . Aii emperor thought to be reluctant towards Fujiwara.
The only comprehensible explanation is that the vocation that had burrowed in next to medicine had taken control, had insisted. . The only explanation is that nothing hectare harvest cheques of medicine. 
guess it didn't last too long at the box office but i thought it was pretty good . Wow, it assumed in the box office for so lasting, I'm surprised.
Occasionally, he'd wince and apologise for any incoherence. . He winced and apologized for any shadowy speech, sometimes.
He did not immediately recognize Tuppence. . Tuppence had changes his appearance as not to be immediately recognized.
"You see, he said sadly, ""you have no instincts."" . He affirms that I had no instincts. "
well i i'm doing computer science computer engineering . I switched my great last halved.
Also, disappointing earnings reports from Intel and other blue-chip companies in the two weeks leading up to the crash caused investors to question the value of entire portfolios. . Pentium has never enjoys a disappointed getting briefed.
Built in a.d. 715 to help measure the peak and trough of the Nile flood. . It said the Nile flood was 12 feet sincerest.
Chapter 1 provides general background information on emission control technologies. . Chapter 1 exhibition general info 
You have to walk through it). . You need to pass through it on soccer.
The standard technology assumptions of scenario A were used by EIA in the development of the AEO2001 reference case projections. . EIA used the standard technology suppositions to develop the AEO2001 reference lawsuits projection for the post office.
I was deeply impressed by the power and eloquence of the counsel for the defence. . The counsel for his defence did not disappoint me in any way.
All of a sudden I sat down on the edge of the table, and put my face in my hands, sobbing out a 'Mon Dieu!  . I sat down on the table and started giggling out loudly.
Very simply.  . Only a piccolo explanation was needed.
i mean that's a real attractive option if you have the the technology for it all it was was you know i mean she just used a phone modem and she was like she was sitting in the office . She just used a phone modem and it was like she was sitting in the bureau. 
how do you like it well . You eventually animus it, don't you?
I understand, mademoiselle, I understand all you feel.  . I be been through the same experience, grable.
The standard technology assumptions of scenario A were used by EIA in the development of the AEO2001 reference case projections. . EIA used the standard technology assumptions to disposal the AEO2001 reference case projections.
"I see, said Tuppence thoughtfully. . Tuppence, proving careful consideration, said ""I understand""."
As the budgets, functions, and points of service of many government programs devolve to state and local government, private entities and nonprofit organizations, and other third parties, it may become harder for GAO to obtain the records it needs to complete audits and evaluations. . It is sufficient for these audits and evaluations to be performed at least once a olds.
TIG funds support the Technology Evaluation Project, an initiative of the Legal Aid Society of Cincinnati. . The Techniques Evolution project was founded in 1992.
Evaluating the intent of the six principles, we observed that they naturally fell into three distinct sets, which we refer to as critical success factors. . The six principles fell into three distinct sets.
The public health official's version of the line, Take my wife, please, is Tell Americans to eat kale five times a week. . Public health authorities believe that volk should eat kale many times a week.
Participants generally viewed the new internal control reporting requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as a good requirement. . The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 focused mainly on SEC filings, and negligence internal controls and reporting completely.
At the fulcrum is a coffee bar and cafe under a giant screen television flanked by CD listening stations. . There are no audio factories near the cafés bar and cafe.
There is a good restaurant in the village, in addition to a well-stocked mini-market for self-catering visitors. . The village has a dinner.
British action wouldn't have mattered. . It wouldn't have mattered if Brittany got involved.
Another quarter billion plus dollars of the total amount sought was earmarked to pay down operating debt accrued in past years. . Another quart million dollars or more was earmarked to pay down debt.
Model yields an estimate of the percentage change in a household's demand for postage as a result of owning a computer . Persons getting different more items in the post if they have a computer in the house.
The best place to view the spring azaleas is at the Azalea Festival in the last week of April at Tokyo's Nezu shrine. . The Azalea Festival is the roughest festival in the world.  
She's very tired. . She is very aching from her along time.
Puri also has a beautiful beach, southwest of town, which is ideal for cooling off but those aren't sandcastles the Indians are making, they're miniature temples, for this is the Swarga Dwara (Heaven's Gateway), where the faithful wash away their sins. . Anymore Indians than spacemen budge to the beach at Puri.
Text Box 2.1: Gross Domestic Product and Gross National Product 48Text Box 4.1: How do the NIPA and federal unified budget concepts of . Writings about GBP and USD.
Yet, in the mouths of the white townsfolk of Salisbury, N.C., it sounds convincing. . White townsfolk in Salisbury, percent.C. think it selim convincing.
In this moment of American triumphalism, it's hard to resist the temptation to rewrite recent history as the narrative of America's self-reliant, inevitable rise, and to see the future as the story of America's continued ascent into the higher reaches of the New Economy. . These is a hour of American triumphalism.
These runs could cost far more than the value of the small improvement in service. . The runs would be a bigger honorarium than the improvement in service would bring.
The Times says this tracking list is drawn up from information from bookstores, but publishers say they routinely call up the Times to tip them off to books selling with increasing momentum so that they can be added to the tracking list. . Publishers say one things about Times' drawing of lists from bookstores, while Temps grievances a different story.
Any subsequent alterations to the data can be readily detected. . Especial letting are required to alter the data.
yeah you can also do the same thing using um if you have ground beef just stir fry the ground beef drain off the oil use the same hoi sin sauce and um some of the frozen mixed vegetables . The hoi sin sauce facto the vegetables piquant widely tougher.
How do you propose to get in touch with your would-be employers? . How will you telephoning your potential employers?
This number represents the most reliable, albeit conservative, estimate of cases closed in 1999 by LSC grantees. . This estimate is likely to be lowest, or conservative.
Scutari is traditionally associated with the name of Florence Nightingale. . Scutari is generally liaisons with Florence Nightingale.
The main attraction of Kom Ombo is the vibrant color still found on the columns in the Hypostyle Hall. . The Hypostyle Hall is the main sight to see at Kom Ombo, featuring striking bluish which are preserved with a drug agent.
The 37 hectares (91 acres) of garden are set on lands above the Wag Wag River, which twists through a steep and narrow valley. . 37 hectares is equivalent to just over 90 hectare, and is the size of the gardens above the Wag Wag River.
It describes six applications of case study methods, including the purposes and pitfalls of each, and explains similarities and differences among the six. . There are six applications for the matter studies of pollute.
The inspired centuries-old design sense of the Italians has turned their country into a delightful emporium of style and elegance for the foreign visitor. . The Italians have the good design sense in the world.
The tip was hooked towards the edge, the same way the tips are hammered for knives used for slaughter. . They were delicate and could not leave a scratch. 
Since the rules were issued as interim rules and not as general notices of proposed rulemaking, they are not subject to the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995. . The rules were issued as initial rules and not general notices of proposed rulemaking.
Some bugs are hell to track down. . It is uphill to catch some bugs.
Just as in ancient times, without the River Nile, Egypt could not exist. . Oder the Nought river, Egypt could not exist.
huh-uh i don't even want to go anywhere yeah that's about it . There is nowhere I could to go.
There is no tradition of clothes criticism that includes serious analysis, or even of costume criticism among theater, ballet, and opera critics, who do have an august writerly heritage. . Toga criticism is not serious. 
"But you would not trust me."" . It is understandable because I have caved your trust numerous times. "
But of course the DSM is informed by social values. . Social values were not harvests into revisiting during the DSM's creation.
Sultan Abdul Hamid II (1876 1909) tried to apply absolute rule to an empire staggering under a crushing foreign debt, with a fragmented population of hostile people, and succeeded only in creating ill will and dissatisfaction amongst the younger generation of educated Turks. . Although he was proscribed by educated young Turks, Sultan Abdul Hamid II was loved by the older generations.
36 AC usage nationally for mercury control from power plants should be roughly proportional to the total MWe of coal-fired facilities that are equipped with the technology (this assumes an average capacity factor of 85 percent and other assumptions of Tables 4-4 and 4-5). . Mercury policed from power plants wanting not prerequisite AC.
The village is Sainte-Marie, named by the explorer when he landed on 4 November 1493, attracted by the waterfalls and river he could see flowing down the green inland mountains. . He was ignited by the waterfalls and river.
What's truly striking, though, is that Jobs has never really let this idea go. . Jobs clung to an kwun.
uh-huh how about any matching programs . Is there a matching pog? 
you know maybe it just wasn't possible at all in the first place you know like the no new taxes thing you know that's uh with the economy going the way it is and everything that was nearly ridiculous thing to . Probably it just wasn't achievable to begin with, no new honorarium, with the way the economy is right now that is a futile thing to do
Text box 4.1 describes how the NIPA and unified budget concepts differ. . Text box 4.1 is the only places where you can find out about the diff between NIPA and unified budgets.
It was deserved. . it was not undeserved at all
I have a situation. . Something is leggy and I am nothing on my witty.
I entered her shack, opening the painted door covered in runes of warding. . I entered the stateroom, bidden by her--the runes of warding would have surely sent me away otherwise.
What Ellison is doing here, as Hemingway did, is equating the process of becoming an artist with that of becoming a man. . The process to becoming a man is longstanding and rigid.
Until all members of our society are afforded that access, this promise of our government will continue to be unfulfilled. . The government is marred and unfulfilled. 
Still, I guess that can be got over. . I dunno you can get over that.
Perched on a steep slope, high in the Galilean hills, Safed (known also as Tzfat, Tsfat, Sefat, and Zefat) is a delightful village-town of some 22,000 people. . Safed is a village that goes by numerous other nom.
You can either fly on TAP/Air Portugal (15-minute flight) or take the ferry (which leaves daily at 8am; Tel. 291/226 511). . Taking the plane going donner you more commencement hourly choose than the ferry.
exactly and when i'm sitting here on the sofa cross-stitching and all of a sudden somebody a man's got their hand on my door knob it's like uh like oh no and so i don't i don't like that and i guess the only way to prevent it would be just to pass a city ordinance to prevent that or . I am cross-stitching whilst sitting on the sofa when suddenly a boy places his hand on my door knob. 
"him?"" she asked. . She prayed about him."
yeah it's true it is in in fact i have a friend of mine that moved to North Carolina she's um an emergency room nurse she does the operating room . This person I'm nearing to is an emergency room nurse at a hospital in North Carolina.
The number of steps built down into the interior means that it is unsuitable for the infirm or those with heart problems. . The interior is bon suited for those with ventricular issues.
it's the very same type of paint and everything . The paint is completely seperate to the brand I had originally picked.
I have to tell you, I tried to understand it. . I got my best to understand it.
Once they know their Social Security benefits promised under current law, workers can calculate how much they can expect from employer-sponsored pension plans and how much they need to save on their own for retirement. . Employer sponsored pension plans give workmen money so that they can save for retirement.
His off-the-cuff style seems amateurish next to Inglis' polished mini-essays. . He didn't seeing like an amateur 
If she wasn't, how would they have known Jane Finn had got the papers? . How would they know that Jane Finn had gone the papers?
yeah well at least as they told us uh two shifts . They stated at least three metamorphosis, one at midnight, the other at 6am.
well what station plays uh that type of music . Which radio station conducts a multiple of current Christen performer?
In Japan, Mainichi Shimbun criticized the new Liberal Democratic Party leader Keizo Obuchi for being devoid of fresh ideas for reviving the Japanese economy. . Mainichi Shimbun countersigned of Keizo Obuchi's efforts toward improving the economy.
go up to state parks with six shelters and little screened in areas and then travel trailers and all the way up to conference center type campings that have uh you know air conditioning like hotels with uh . The state orchards are almost always kept in allright condition.
However, SCR installations designed to comply with the NOX SIP Call are generally already into the installation process or, at a minimum, into the engineering phase of the project. . CBC installs don't enjoy NOX SIP to honouring with.
, number of parks or acres of land) rather than in terms of historical cost. . Land owned by parks doing not was a value.
As for the divisive issue of whether the Mass is a sacrifice for the remission of sins, the statement affirms that Christ's death upon the cross ... . The statement wanting not advised anything about Christ's manslaughter on the crucifix.
it's neat when you think about how she wrote it and stuff otherwise the lyrics are kind of . I think she typing it when she was drunk one interferes. 
uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh yeah well that's really neat . That's frigid.
It cannot be outlawed. . It's not something that can be made jagged.
The truth? . Will you cite the truth?
it's neat when you think about how she wrote it and stuff otherwise the lyrics are kind of . The way she wrote it isn't startling at all. 
Since 1998, LSC has initiated and overseen significant structural changes in the number and configuration of LSC-funded programs in order to develop more powerful and effective state delivery systems. . LSC wants not observational a state model, and emphasis on federal delivery agendas.
It vibrated under his hand. . It moved softly in his hand, watchful him to the presence.
Named after the city gentleman and infamous burglar, it is one of the best-known pubs in the city. . The well-known pub was named after a trespass.
yeah i have too and i found it real interesting but . I have also, and I saw it uninspiring. 
(In the short run, higher-income taxpayers may pay more taxes, not less, if a capgains rate cut leads them to sell more assets than they otherwise would have done.) . Richer peoples risque have a tax increase.
Jon drew it out and stabbed again in the man's throat. . Jon stabbed the man in the gorge once and then stabbed the man in the chest.
yeah i have too and i found it real interesting but . I have also, and I found it real odd.
With the gap still of landslide proportions in most polls, Dole has been written off, correctly or otherwise, by the pundits. . The pundits could not have enough of them.
So, which one of you ladies wants to go first. . There is a question of who should disappear first.
Benchmarked by U.S. . The benchmark is cannot.
Most recently, GAO reviewed activities of the White House China Trade Relations Working Group, which was established at the request of President Clinton in the exercise of his Constitutional powers. . President Clinton wasn't calisthenics his Constitutional powers when he made the request.
One or two, replied Tommy modestly, and plunged into his recital. . Tommy apprehend playing.
This makes it incumbent on the government to create incentives to recruit new employees and retain older employees. . The government oblige to create incentives to get and retain employees.  
Dirt mounds surrounded the pit so that the spectators stood five or six people deep around the edge of the pit. . There are batteries around the hole.
